activists	society	aphorism	general	0	A man who stands for nothing will fall for anything.
activists	society	dark	general	0	A racially integrated community is a chronological term timed from the entrance of the first black family to the exit of the last white family.
activists	life	aphorism	general	0	A tactic that drags on too long becomes a drag.
activists	life	wisdom	general	0	A virtuous character is likened to an unblemished flower. Piety is a fadeless bud that half opens on earth and expands through eternity. Sweetness of temper is the odor of fresh blooms, and the amaranth flowers of pure affection open but to bloom forever.
activists	society	observation	general	0	All I held against Jews was that so many Jews actually were hypocrites in their claim to be friends of the American black man.
activists	life	wisdom	general	0	All change means disorganization of the old and organization of the new.
activists	life	wisdom	general	0	All claims of education notwithstanding, the pupil will accept only that which his mind craves.
activists	society	observation	general	0	Although lynchings have steadily increased in number and barbarity during the last twenty years, there has been no single effort put forth by the many moral and philanthropic forces of the country to put a stop to this wholesale slaughter.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	Always remember the first rule of power tactics; power is not only what you have but what the enemy thinks you have.
activists	society	observation	general	0	America in its entirety is segregationist and is racist. It's more camouflaged in the north, but it's the same thing.
activists	society	quip	general	0	America is the first country... that can actually have a bloodless revolution.
activists	society	quip	general	0	America preaches integration and practices segregation.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	Anarchism is the great liberator of man from the phantoms that have held him captive; it is the arbiter and pacifier of the two forces for individual and social harmony.
activists	society	aphorism	general	0	Any unarmed people are slaves, or are subject to slavery at any given moment.
activists	work-money	observation	general	0	As long as we have a poor country bordering California, it's going to be very difficult to win strikes.
activists	life	wisdom	general	0	As you have learnt something of time, value and make a proper use of it. Once past, it knows no return; how necessary, then, that you spend it in improving your mind and fitting it for future happiness and usefulness.
activists	life	wisdom	general	0	Attention to any subject will in a short time render it attractive, be it ever so disagreeable and tedious at first.
activists	life	wisdom	general	0	Be peaceful, be courteous, obey the law, respect everyone; but if someone puts his hand on you, send him to the cemetery.
activists	life	wisdom	general	0	Before we can forgive one another, we have to understand one another.
activists	nature	quip	general	0	Being an old farm boy myself, chickens coming home to roost never did make me sad; they've always made me glad.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	Between social reforms and revolution there exists for the social democracy an indissoluble tie. The struggle for reforms is its means; the social revolution, its aim.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	Black Power is giving power to people who have not had power to determine their destiny.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	Bourgeois class domination is undoubtedly an historical necessity, but, so too, the rising of the working class against it. Capital is an historical necessity, but, so too, its grave digger, the socialist proletariat.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	Brave men do not gather by thousands to torture and murder a single individual, so gagged and bound he cannot make even feeble resistance or defense.
activists	science	wisdom	general	0	By all means, have you give great attention to your arithmetic, as its advantages are so many and important.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	Change means movement. Movement means friction. Only in the frictionless vacuum of a nonexistent abstract world can movement or change occur without that abrasive friction of conflict.
activists	work-money	wisdom	general	0	Credit reproduces all the fundamental antagonisms of the capitalist world. It accentuates them. It precipitates their development and thus pushes the capitalist world forward to its own destruction.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	Crime is naught but misdirected energy.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	Democracy is indispensable, not because it renders superfluous the conquest of political power by the proletariat, but, on the contrary, because it makes this seizure of power both necessary and possible.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	Direct action is the logical, consistent method of Anarchism.
activists	society	dark	general	0	Do you know what integration really means? It means intermarriage. That's the real point behind it. You can't have it without intermarriage. And that would result in disintegration of both races.
activists	life	wisdom	general	0	Education is the passport to the future, for tomorrow belongs to those who prepare for it today.
activists	life	wisdom	general	0	Envy blinds men and makes it impossible for them to think clearly.
activists	society	observation	general	0	Every daring attempt to make a great change in existing conditions, every lofty vision of new possibilities for the human race, has been labeled Utopian.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	Everyone, Republican or otherwise has their own particular part to play. No part is too great or too small, no one is too old or too young to do something.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	Farm workers are society's canaries. Farm workers - and their children - demonstrate the effects of pesticide poisoning before anyone else.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	First rule of change is controversy. You can't get away from it for the simple reason all issues are controversial. Change means movement, and movement means friction, and friction means heat, and heat means controversy.
activists	society	observation	general	0	Floral emblems have been often adopted. The houses of York and Lancaster had their roses, the Bourbons of France, the fleur-de-lis, Scotland her thistle, and Ireland her shamrock.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	For me, my 'X' replaced the white slave master name of 'Little' which some blue-eyed devil named Little had imposed on my parental forebears.
activists	love	quip	general	0	Free love? as if love is anything but free. Man has bought brains, but all the millions in the world have failed to buy love.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	Freedom is always and exclusively freedom for the one who thinks differently.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	Freedom only for the members of the government, only for the members of the Party - though they are quite numerous - is no freedom at all.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	From the depth of need and despair, people can work together, can organize themselves to solve their own problems and fill their own needs with dignity and strength.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	Good education, housing and jobs are imperatives for the Negroes, and I shall support them in their fight to win these objectives, but I shall tell the Negroes that while these are necessary, they cannot solve the main Negro problem.
activists	life	aphorism	general	0	Happy are those who dwell apart from the harrowing tumults of public life!
activists	life	quip	general	0	Having soon discovered to be great, I must appear so, and therefore studiously avoided mixing in society, and wrapped myself in mystery, devoting my time to fasting and prayer.
activists	faith	dark	general	0	Heaven must be an awfully dull place if the poor in spirit live there.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	History is a people's memory, and without a memory, man is demoted to the lower animals.
activists	society	aphorism	general	0	History is a relay of revolutions.
activists	society	aphorism	general	0	History is not hatred.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	History is the only true teacher, the revolution the best school for the proletariat.
activists	society	dark	general	0	History proves that the white man is a devil.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	I am (even after all the torture) amazed at British logic. Never in eight centuries have they succeeded in breaking the spirit of one man who refused to be broken. They have not dispirited, conquered, nor demoralised my people, nor will they ever.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	I am a political prisoner. I am a political prisoner because I am a casualty of a perennial war that is being fought between the oppressed Irish people and an alien, oppressive, unwanted regime that refuses to withdraw from our land.
activists	life	wisdom	general	0	I am contracting continually a debt of gratitude which time will never see canceled. There is a treasury from which it will be repaid, but I do not dispense its stores.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	I am dying not just to attempt to end the barbarity of H-blocks or to gain the rightful recognition of political prisoners, but primarily because what is lost here is lost for the Republic.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	I am for violence if non-violence means we continue postponing a solution to the American black man's problem just to avoid violence.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	I am not afraid of the pen, or the scaffold, or the sword. I will tell the truth wherever I please.
activists	faith	quip	general	0	I believe in a religion that believes in freedom. Any time I have to accept a religion that won't let me fight a battle for my people, I say to hell with that religion.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	I believe in human beings, and that all human beings should be respected as such, regardless of their color.
activists	life	wisdom	general	0	I believe in the brotherhood of all men, but I don't believe in wasting brotherhood on anyone who doesn't want to practice it with me. Brotherhood is a two-way street.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	I believe that no man who holds a leader's position should ever accept favors from either side. He is then committed to show favors. A leader must stand alone.
activists	life	observation	general	0	I came home every Friday afternoon, riding the six miles on the back of a big mule. I spent Saturday and Sunday washing and ironing and cooking for the children and went back to my country school on Sunday afternoon.
activists	faith	observation	general	0	I did a lot of things as a Muslim that I am sorry for now.
activists	life	observation	general	0	I didn't get trained by the school system like other kids, and when I did concentrate on learning, my mind was cluttered and locked by the programming of the system.
activists	society	quip	general	0	I do not expect the white media to create positive black male images.
activists	society	quip	general	0	I don't even call it violence when it's in self defense; I call it intelligence.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	I expected to die. At no time before the trial did I expect to escape with my life. Yet being executed in the gas chamber did not necessarily mean defeat. It could be one more step to bring the community to a higher level of consciousness.
activists	faith	observation	general	0	I have been blessed to visit the Holy City of Mecca.
activists	life	wisdom	general	0	I have had so much at heart. Defeated, not conquered; disappointed, not discouraged. I have but to be more energetic and more faithful in the difficult and painful vocation to which my life is devoted.
activists	life	observation	general	0	I have little taste for fashionable dissipations, cards, and dancing; the theatre and tea parties are my aversion, and I look with little envy on those who find their enjoyment in such transitory delights, if delights they may be called.
activists	life	quip	general	0	I have more respect for a man who lets me know where he stands, even if he's wrong, than the one who comes up like an angel and is nothing but a devil.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	I have never had a vote, and I have raised hell all over this country. You don't need a vote to raise hell! You need convictions and a voice!
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	I have the people behind me and the people are my strength.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	I just don't believe that when people are being unjustly oppressed that they should let someone else set rules for them by which they can come out from under that oppression.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	I learned in the early part of my career that labor must bear the cross for others' sins, must be the vicarious sufferer for the wrongs that others do.
activists	life	dark	general	0	I must study alone, as I am condemned to do every thing alone, I believe, in this life.
activists	life	quip	general	0	I preferred sewing to bossing little children.
activists	arts	quip	general	0	I read Plato's 'Republic.' I read it through about five times until I could actually understand it.
activists	life	wisdom	general	0	I shall be well enough when I get to Kentucky or Alabama. The tonic I need is the tonic of opposition. That always sets me on my feet.
activists	faith	wisdom	general	0	I shall try and effect all that is before me to perform; and God, I think, will surely give me strength for His work so long as He directs my line of duty.
activists	life	wisdom	general	0	I think what motivates people is not great hate, but great love for other people.
activists	society	observation	general	0	I want to take Negroes out of the ghetto and put them in good neighborhoods in good houses.
activists	life	uplifting	general	0	I was a skeleton compared to what I used to be, but it didn't matter. Nothing really mattered except remaining unbroken.
activists	life	wisdom	general	0	I was early taught by sorrow to shed tears, and now when sudden joy lights up, or any unexpected sorrow strikes my heart, I find it difficult to repress the full and swelling tide of feeling.
activists	society	observation	general	0	I was only a working-class boy from a Nationalist ghetto. But it is repression that creates the revolutionary spirit of freedom.
activists	society	dark	general	0	I was set to confront the might of the imperial empire with an M-1 carbine and enough hate to topple the world.
activists	arts	quip	general	0	I worship talents almost. I sinfully dare mourn that I possess them not.
activists	faith	wisdom	general	0	I would be cautious in embracing or rejecting doctrines. Had they been essential to our salvation, they would have been more explicitly declared in the Gospels, where we are so well taught the practice of every good word and work.
activists	life	wisdom	general	0	I'd rather have roses on my table than diamonds on my neck.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	I'm for truth, no matter who tells it. I'm for justice, no matter who it's for or against.
activists	life	quip	general	0	I'm not a humanitarian, I'm a hell-raiser.
activists	life	quip	general	0	I've never joined any organization - not even the ones I've organized myself. I prize my own independence too much.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	Idealists are foolish enough to throw caution to the winds. They have advanced mankind and have enriched the world.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	Idealists foolish enough to throw caution to the winds have advanced mankind and have enriched the world.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	If I can't dance, I don't want to be part of your revolution.
activists	society	quip	general	0	If ballots won't work, bullets will.
activists	love	wisdom	general	0	If love does not know how to give and take without restrictions, it is not love, but a transaction that never fails to lay stress on a plus and a minus.
activists	life	wisdom	general	0	If the ends don't justify the means, what does?
activists	society	quip	general	0	If they want to hang me, let them. And on the scaffold I will shout Freedom for the working class!
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	If this work can contribute in any way toward proving this, and at the same time arouse the conscience of the American people to a demand for justice to every citizen, and punishment by law for the lawless, I shall feel I have done my race a service.
activists	society	quip	general	0	If voting changed anything, they'd make it illegal.
activists	life	wisdom	general	0	If we had only those things which are procured with ease and freedom from danger, we should find the comforts and luxuries, if not many of the necessaries of life, considerably diminished.
activists	society	quip	general	0	If you have a dog, I must have a dog. If you have a rifle, I must have a rifle. If you have a club, I must have a club. This is equality.
activists	life	aphorism	general	0	If you have no critics you'll likely have no success.
activists	food	wisdom	general	0	If you really want to make a friend, go to someone's house and eat with him... the people who give you their food give you their heart.
activists	life	wisdom	general	0	If you stop struggling, then you stop life.
activists	society	dark	general	0	If you turn the other cheek, you can be enslaved for 1,000 years.
activists	life	quip	general	0	If you want to remember me, organize!
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	If you're not ready to die for it, put the word 'freedom' out of your vocabulary.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	If, if a white man puts his arm around me voluntarily, that's brotherhood. But if you - if you hold a gun on him and make him embrace me and pretend to be friendly or brotherly toward me, then that's not brotherhood, that's hypocrisy.
activists	work-money	wisdom	general	0	In all our deeds, the proper value and respect for time determines success or failure.
activists	life	wisdom	general	0	In order to do good, a man must be good; and he will not be good except he have instruction by counsel and by example.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	In some cases non-violence requires more militancy than violence.
activists	faith	fact	general	0	In the Bible, God offered the Pharaoh freedom if he would just let the oppressed people free to go to the land of milk and honey. But the Pharaoh disobeyed, and he was destroyed.
activists	society	fact	general	0	In the Imperialist Era, the foreign loan played an outstanding part as a means for young capitalist countries to acquire independence.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	In the Muslim world, I had seen that men with white complexions were more genuinely brotherly than anyone else had ever been. That... was the start of a radical alteration in my whole outlook about 'white men.'
activists	life	wisdom	general	0	In the true sense one's native land, with its background of tradition, early impressions, reminiscences and other things dear to one, is not enough to make sensitive human beings feel at home.
activists	life	wisdom	general	0	Indulged habits of dependence create habits of indolence, and indolence opens the portal to petty errors, to many degrading habits, and to vice and crime with their attendant train of miseries.
activists	society	aphorism	general	0	Injustice boils in men's hearts as does steel in its cauldron, ready to pour forth, white hot, in the fullness of time.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	Integration will not bring a man back from the grave.
activists	work-money	wisdom	general	0	It does not matter what you know about anything if you cannot communicate to your people. In that event, you are not even a failure. You're just not there.
activists	life	observation	general	0	It is essential that we realize once and for all that man is much more of a sex creature than a moral creature. The former is inherent, the other is grafted on.
activists	faith	uplifting	general	0	It is my deepest belief that only by giving our lives do we find life. I am convinced that the truest act of courage, the strongest act of manliness is to sacrifice ourselves for others in a totally non-violent struggle for justice.
activists	faith	quip	general	0	It is not Christianity, but priestcraft that has subjected woman as we find her.
activists	life	wisdom	general	0	It is of no use to commit whole pages to memory, merely to recite them once without hesitation; you must think of the meaning more than the words - of the ideas more than the language.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	It's got to be the ballot or the bullet. The ballot or the bullet. If you're afraid to use an expression like that, you should get back in the cotton patch, you should get back in the alley.
activists	society	quip	general	0	It's hard for anyone intelligent to be nonviolent. Everything in the universe does something when you start playing with his life, except the American Negro. He lays down and says, 'Beat me, daddy.'
activists	nature	fact	general	0	Jasmine, the name of which signifies fragrance, is the emblem of delicacy and elegance. It is reared with difficulty in New England, but at the South, puts forth all its graces.
activists	life	wisdom	general	0	Know,' says a wise writer, the historian of kings, 'Know the men that are to be trusted'; but how is this to be? The possession of knowledge involves both time and opportunities. Neither of these are 'handservants at command.'
activists	life	aphorism	general	0	Last guys don't finish nice.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	Learning, while at school, that the charge for the education of girls was the same as that for boys, and that, when they became teachers, women received only half as much as men for their services, the injustice of this distinction was so apparent.
activists	life	wisdom	general	0	Let our lives be in accordance with our convictions of right, each striving to carry out our principles.
activists	life	wisdom	general	0	Life is a corrupting process from the time a child learns to play his mother off against his father in the politics of when to go to bed; he who fears corruption fears life.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	Malcolm X was the first political person in this country that I really identified with. If he had lived and not been purged, I probably would have joined the Muslims.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	Man is not made better by being degraded; he is seldom restrained from crime by harsh measures, except the principle of fear predominates in his character, and then he is never made radically better for its influence.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	Mankind has been and is divided into three parts: the Haves, the Have-Nots, and the Have-a-Little, Want Mores.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	Marxism is a revolutionary worldview that must always struggle for new revelations.
activists	life	wisdom	general	0	Men need knowledge in order to overpower their passions and master their prejudices.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	Merely external emancipation has made of the modern woman an artificial being. Now, woman is confronted with the necessity of emancipating herself from emancipation, if she really desires to be free.
activists	family	dark	general	0	Morality and its victim, the mother - what a terrible picture! Is there indeed anything more terrible, more criminal, than our glorified sacred function of motherhood?
activists	life	wisdom	general	0	My Alma mater was books, a good library... I could spend the rest of my life reading, just satisfying my curiosity.
activists	life	quip	general	0	My address is like my shoes. It travels with me. I abide where there is a fight against wrong.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	My black brothers and sisters - of all religious beliefs, or of no religious beliefs - we all have in common the greatest binding tie we could have. We are all black people!
activists	society	quip	general	0	My father didn't know his last name. My father got his last name from his grandfather, and his grandfather got it from his grandfather who got it from the slavemaster.
activists	society	quip	general	0	My father didn't know his real name. My father got his name from his grandfather and he got his name from his grandfather and he got it from the slave master.
activists	life	wisdom	general	0	My fear was not of death itself, but a death without meaning.
activists	life	uplifting	general	0	My happiest hours are spent in school, surrounded by those I hope to benefit.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	My only fixed truth is a belief in people: a conviction that if people have the opportunity to act freely and the power to control their own destinies, they'll generally reach the right decisions.
activists	life	wisdom	general	0	My teachers treated me as a diamond in the rough, someone who needed smoothing.
activists	arts	wisdom	general	0	My wish is to be known only thru my work.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	No blessing, no good, can follow in the path trodden by slavery.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	No great idea in its beginning can ever be within the law. How can it be within the law? The law is stationary. The law is fixed. The law is a chariot wheel which binds us all regardless of conditions or place or time.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	No nation, savage or civilized, save only the United States of America, has confessed its inability to protect its women save by hanging, shooting, and burning alleged offenders.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	No one can say, 'I have dropped out - I am no longer in the system.' When you're in prison, you're even closer to the system: you feel it more, and you might be in there for whatever reason. You don't transform the system as an absolute thing.
activists	family	wisdom	general	0	No one has yet realized the wealth of sympathy, the kindness and generosity hidden in the soul of a child. The effort of every true education should be to unlock that treasure.
activists	society	quip	general	0	No politician can sit on a hot issue if you make it hot enough.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	No real social change has ever been brought about without a revolution... revolution is but thought carried into action.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	No, we are not anti-white. But we don't have time for the white man. The white man is on top already, the white man is the boss already... He has first-class citizenship already. So you are wasting your time talking to the white man. We are working on our own people.
activists	society	quip	general	0	Nobody can give you freedom. Nobody can give you equality or justice or anything. If you're a man, you take it.
activists	society	quip	general	0	Nobody should teach the black man in America to turn the other cheek, unless someone is teaching the white man in America to turn the other cheek.
activists	society	quip	general	0	Nonviolence is fine as long as it works.
activists	society	observation	general	0	Not one black man is prominent in Brazil. The Negroes there are still at the bottom.
activists	life	wisdom	general	0	Nothing seems to me so likely to make people unhappy in themselves and at variance with others as the habit of killing time.
activists	life	aphorism	general	0	Of my English friends, I should find language too poor to speak the just praise and the excellence which shines in their characters and lives.
activists	love	observation	general	0	On rare occasions one does hear of a miraculous case of a married couple falling in love after marriage, but on close examination it will be found that it is a mere adjustment to the inevitable.
activists	life	wisdom	general	0	Once you accept your own death, all of a sudden you're free to live. You no longer care about your reputation. You no longer care except so far as your life can be used tactically to promote a cause you believe in.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	One cannot be too extreme in dealing with social ills; the extreme thing is generally the true thing.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	Only through the conscious action of the working masses in city and country can it be brought to life, only through the people's highest intellectual maturity and inexhaustible idealism can it be brought safely through all storms and find its way to port.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	Only when human sorrows are turned into a toy with glaring colors will baby people become interested - for a while at least. The people are a very fickle baby that must have new toys every day.
activists	society	observation	general	0	Our country's national crime is lynching. It is not the creature of an hour, the sudden outburst of uncontrolled fury, or the unspeakable brutality of an insane mob.
activists	arts	wisdom	general	0	Our language is the reflection of ourselves. A language is an exact reflection of the character and growth of its speakers.
activists	life	wisdom	general	0	Our revenge will be the laughter of our children.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	People cannot be free unless they are willing to sacrifice some of their interests to guarantee the freedom of others. The price of democracy is the ongoing pursuit of the common good by all of the people.
activists	society	observation	general	0	People finally understood that the role of the social-democratic party rests on its conscious leadership of the mass struggle against the existing society, a struggle that must reckon with the vital, necessary conditions of capitalist society.
activists	society	aphorism	general	0	Pick the target, freeze it, personalize it, and polarize it.
activists	life	aphorism	general	0	Pleasures take to themselves wings and fly away; true knowledge remains forever.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	Politics is the reflex of the business and industrial world.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	Power doesn't back up in the face of a smile, or in the face of a threat of some kind of nonviolent loving action. It's not the nature of power to back up in the face of anything but some more power.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	Power in defense of freedom is greater than power in behalf of tyranny and oppression, because power, real power, comes from our conviction which produces action, uncompromising action.
activists	society	aphorism	general	0	Power is not only what you have but what the enemy thinks you have.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	Power never takes a back step only in the face of more power.
activists	society	dark	general	0	Pray for the dead and fight like hell for the living.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	Preservation of one's own culture does not require contempt or disrespect for other cultures.
activists	society	quip	general	0	Prostitution, although hounded, imprisoned, and chained, is nevertheless the greatest triumph of Puritanism.
activists	faith	quip	general	0	Puritanism, in whatever expression, is a poisonous germ. On the surface everything may look strong and vigorous; yet the poison works its way persistently, until the entire fabric is doomed.
activists	life	wisdom	general	0	Real education should consist of drawing the goodness and the best out of our own students. What better books can there be than the book of humanity?
activists	life	quip	general	0	Ridicule is man's most potent weapon.
activists	society	quip	general	0	Segregation is that which is forced upon an inferior by a superior. Separation is done voluntarily by two equals.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	Since every effort in our educational life seems to be directed toward making of the child a being foreign to itself, it must of necessity produce individuals foreign to one another, and in everlasting antagonism with each other.
activists	faith	aphorism	general	0	Since the Church is to be servant to the poor, it is our fault if that wealth is not channeled to help the poor in our world.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	Since the commencement of 1830, I had been living with Mr. Joseph Travis, who was to me a kind master and placed the greatest confidence in me; in fact, I had no cause to complain of his treatment of me.
activists	society	aphorism	general	0	Sitting at the table doesn't make you a diner. You must be eating some of what's on that plate. Being here in America doesn't make you an American. Being born here in America doesn't make you an American.
activists	society	aphorism	general	0	Social democracy seeks and finds the ways, and particular slogans, of the workers' struggle only in the course of the development of this struggle, and gains directions for the way forward through this struggle alone.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	Social democracy... is only the advance guard of the proletariat, a small piece of the total working masses; blood from their blood, and flesh from their flesh.
activists	society	aphorism	general	0	Some day the workers will take possession of your city hall, and when we do, no child will be sacrificed on the altar of profit!
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	Somebody must show that the Afro-American race is more sinned against than sinning, and it seems to have fallen upon me to do so.
activists	society	observation	general	0	Someone has said that it requires less mental effort to condemn than to think.
activists	life	wisdom	general	0	Sometimes if you want to get rid of the gun, you have to pick the gun up.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	Steady, firm, and kind government of prisoners is the truest humanity and the best exercise of duty. It is with convicts as with children: unseasonable indulgence, indiscreetly granted, leads to mischiefs which we may deplore but cannot repair.
activists	life	wisdom	general	0	Students must have initiative; they should not be mere imitators. They must learn to think and act for themselves - and be free.
activists	life	wisdom	general	0	Stumbling is not falling.
activists	life	wisdom	general	0	Tactics mean doing what you can with what you have.
activists	love	aphorism	general	0	That is, the wife must care for what the husband cares for if he is to remain resolute.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	That statesman is indeed happy who can count as his friends the really honest and consistent, the true Patriots, and the men of honorable thought.
activists	society	quip	general	0	The Afro-American is not a bestial race.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	The Afro-American is thus the backbone of the South.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	The American Negro has no conception of the hundreds of millions of other non-whites' concern for him: he has no conception of their feeling of brotherhood for and with him.
activists	society	quip	general	0	The American Negro never can be blamed for his racial animosities - he is only reacting to 400 years of the conscious racism of the American whites.
activists	society	observation	general	0	The Capone gang was actually a public utility; it supplied what the people wanted and demanded.
activists	society	observation	general	0	The French, perhaps more than any other nation, cherish the memory of their dead by ornamenting their places of sepulture with the finest flowers, often renewing the garlands and replacing such plants as decay with vigorous and costly ones.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	The Honorable Elijah Muhammad says that we should be separate, all right, but in this separate state or separate existence, the black man should be given the opportunity and the incentive to do for himself what the white man has done for himself.
activists	faith	wisdom	general	0	The Honorable Elijah Muhammad teaches us that God, now, is about to establish a kingdom on this earth, based upon brotherhood and peace. And the white man is against brotherhood, and the white man is against peace.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	The Negro revolution is controlled by foxy white liberals, by the Government itself. But the Black Revolution is controlled only by God.
activists	society	observation	general	0	The Prince' was written by Machiavelli for the Haves on how to hold power. 'Rules for Radicals' is written for the Have-Nots on how to take it away.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	The South is brutalized to a degree not realized by its own inhabitants, and the very foundation of government, law and order, are imperilled.
activists	society	observation	general	0	The South resented giving the Afro-American his freedom, the ballot box and the Civil Rights Law.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	The State is the altar of political freedom and, like the religious altar, it is maintained for the purpose of human sacrifice.
activists	society	quip	general	0	The White man pays Reverend Martin Luther King so that Martin Luther King can keep the Negro defenseless.
activists	society	dark	general	0	The alleged menace of universal suffrage having been avoided by the absolute suppression of the negro vote, the spirit of mob murder should have been satisfied and the butchery of negroes should have ceased.
activists	society	observation	general	0	The appeal to the white man's pocket has ever been more effectual than all the appeals ever made to his conscience.
activists	society	observation	general	0	The black man in Africa had mastered the arts and sciences. He knew the course of the stars in the universe before the man up in Europe knew that the earth wasn't flat.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	The burdens of generations of poverty and powerlessness lie heavy in the fields of America. If we fail, there are those who will see violence as the shortcut to change.
activists	nature	fact	general	0	The capsules of the geranium furnish admirable barometers. Fasten the beard, when fully ripe, upon a stand, and it will twist itself or untwist, according as the air is moist or dry.
activists	society	observation	general	0	The city of Memphis has demonstrated that neither character nor standing avails the Negro if he dares to protect himself against the white man or become his rival.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	The day will dawn when all the people of Ireland will have the desire for freedom to show. It is then we'll see the rising of the moon.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	The demand for equal rights in every vocation of life is just and fair; but, after all, the most vital right is the right to love and be loved.
activists	life	wisdom	general	0	The duties of a teacher are neither few nor small, but they elevate the mind and give energy to the character.
activists	life	wisdom	general	0	The end of all knowledge should be service to others.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	The existing legal constitution is nothing but the product of a revolution. Revolution is the act of political creation in the history of classes, while constitutional legislation is the expression of the continual political vegetation of a society.
activists	society	aphorism	general	0	The fact is that, in all prisons everywhere, cruelties on the one hand and injudicious laxity of discipline on the other have at times appeared and will, at intervals, be renewed except the most vigilant oversight is maintained.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	The fight is never about grapes or lettuce. It is always about people.
activists	life	observation	general	0	The first book I ever really read was Plato's 'Republic,' and then I had to go over that five times or something.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	The first lesson a revolutionary must learn is that he is a doomed man.
activists	society	observation	general	0	The first step in community organization is community disorganization.
activists	life	aphorism	general	0	The future belongs to those who prepare for it today.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	The goal of Dr. Martin Luther King is to give Negroes a chance to sit in a segregated restaurant beside the same white man who had brutalized them for 400 years.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	The great benefactors of individuals and of communities are the enlightened educators: the wise-teaching, mental and moral instructors and exemplars of our times.
activists	life	wisdom	general	0	The greatest enemy of individual freedom is the individual himself.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	The history of progress is written in the blood of men and women who have dared to espouse an unpopular cause, as, for instance, the black man's right to his body, or woman's right to her soul.
activists	life	wisdom	general	0	The individual whose vision encompasses the whole world often feels nowhere so hedged in and out of touch with his surroundings as in his native land.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	The job of the organizer is to maneuver and bait the establishment so that it will publicly attack him as a 'dangerous enemy.'
activists	faith	fact	general	0	The laws given on Mount Sinai for the government of man and woman were equal; the precepts of Jesus make no distinction.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	The masses are in reality their own leaders, dialectically creating their own development process.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	The masses are the decisive element, they are the rock on which the final victory of the revolution will be built.
activists	society	quip	general	0	The media's the most powerful entity on earth. They have the power to make the innocent guilty and to make the guilty innocent, and that's power. Because they control the minds of the masses.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	The miners lost because they had only the constitution. The other side had bayonets. In the end, bayonets always win.
activists	society	observation	general	0	The mob spirit has grown with the increasing intelligence of the Afro-American.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	The more that social democracy develops, grows, and becomes stronger, the more the enlightened masses of workers will take their own destinies, the leadership of their movement, and the determination of its direction into their own hands.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	The most unpardonable sin in society is independence of thought.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	The most violent element in society is ignorance.
activists	life	wisdom	general	0	The motto should not be: Forgive one another; rather understand one another.
activists	society	observation	general	0	The negro has suffered far more from the commission of this crime against the women of his race by white men than the white race has ever suffered through his crimes.
activists	society	dark	general	0	The nineteenth century lynching mob cuts off ears, toes, and fingers, strips off flesh, and distributes portions of the body as souvenirs among the crowd.
activists	nature	fact	general	0	The olive branch has been consecrated to peace, palm branches to victory, the laurel to conquest and poetry, the myrtle to love and pleasure, the cypress to mourning, and the willow to despondency.
activists	society	quip	general	0	The only times an Afro-American who was assaulted got away has been when he had a gun and used it in self-defense.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	The organizer dedicated to changing the life of a particular community must first rub raw the resentments of the people of the community.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	The people must know before they can act, and there is no educator to compare with the press.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	The policemen or soldiers are only a gun in the establishments hand. They make the racist secure in his racism.
activists	society	quip	general	0	The political arena leaves one no alternative, one must either be a dunce or a rogue.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	The revolution has always been in the hands of the young. The young always inherit the revolution.
activists	life	quip	general	0	The rose is the flower and handmaiden of love - the lily, her fair associate, is the emblem of beauty and purity.
activists	life	wisdom	general	0	The threat is usually more terrifying than the thing itself.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	The true Islam has shown me that a blanket indictment of all white people is as wrong as when whites make blanket indictments against blacks.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	The ultimate end of all revolutionary social change is to establish the sanctity of human life, the dignity of man, the right of every human being to liberty and well-being.
activists	society	wisdom	edgy	1	The very action of the proletariat is a determining factor in history. And although we can no more jump over the stages of historical development than a man can jump over his shadow, nevertheless, we can accelerate or retard that development.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	The walls, the bars, the guns and the guards can never encircle or hold down the idea of the people.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	The white man made the mistake of letting me read his history books. He made the mistake of teaching me that Patrick Henry was a patriot and George Washington - wasn't nothing non-violent about old Pat or George Washington.
activists	society	dark	general	0	The white man's dollar is his god, and to stop this will be to stop outrages in many localities.
activists	society	fact	general	0	The white man's victory soon became complete by fraud, violence, intimidation and murder.
activists	society	quip	general	0	The white man, in his press, is going to identify me with 'hate.'
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	The working classes in every country only learn to fight in the course of their struggles.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	The world has never yet seen a truly great and virtuous nation because in the degradation of woman the very fountains of life are poisoned at their source.
activists	life	wisdom	general	0	There can be no darker or more devastating tragedy than the death of man's faith in himself and in his power to direct his future.
activists	life	uplifting	general	0	There is no better than adversity. Every defeat, every heartbreak, every loss, contains its own seed, its own lesson on how to improve your performance the next time.
activists	society	quip	general	0	There is no hope even that woman, with her right to vote, will ever purify politics.
activists	work-money	quip	general	0	There is no law for farm labor organizing, save the law of the jungle.
activists	society	observation	general	0	There is no more apartheid in South Africa than in the United States.
activists	work-money	wisdom	general	0	There is no substitute for hard work, 23 or 24 hours a day. And there is no substitute for patience and acceptance.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	There is no such thing as defeat in non-violence.
activists	faith	wisdom	general	0	There is nothing in our book, the Koran, that teaches us to suffer peacefully. Our religion teaches us to be intelligent.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	There is nothing of greater importance to the well-being of society at large - of man as well as woman - than the true proper position of woman.
activists	society	dark	general	0	There is nothing we can do about the lynching now, as we are out-numbered and without arms.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	There is that much to be done that no select or small portion of people can do; only the greater mass of the Irish nation will ensure the achievement of a Socialist Republic, and this can only be done by hard work and sacrifice.
activists	arts	wisdom	general	0	There is, I think, great difficulty in writing of one's self: it is almost impossible to present subjects where the chief actor must be conspicuous and not seem to be, or really be, egotistical.
activists	work-money	wisdom	general	0	There is, in our nature, a disposition to indulgence, a secret desire to escape from labor, which, unless hourly combated, will overcome and destroy the best faculties of our minds and paralyze our most useful powers.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	There will be no prison which can hold our movement down.
activists	society	quip	general	0	There's no reason for the establishment to fear me. But it has every right to fear the people collectively - I am one with the people.
activists	society	wisdom	edgy	1	They have nothing in their entire arsenal to break the spirit of one single Republican prisoner-of-war who refuses to be broken,' I thought, and that was very true. They cannot or never will break our spirit.
activists	society	wisdom	edgy	1	They have nothing in their whole imperial arsenal that can break the spirit of one Irishman who doesn't want to be broken.
activists	life	quip	general	0	They say, 'Nothing can be done here!' I reply, 'I know no such word in the vocabulary I adopt!'
activists	society	quip	general	0	They won't break me because the desire for freedom, and the freedom of the Irish people, is in my heart.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	They won't break me because the desire for freedom, and the freedom of the Irish people, is in my heart. The day will dawn when all the people of Ireland will have the desire for freedom to show. It is then that we will see the rising of the moon.
activists	life	wisdom	general	0	Think how slow would be your progress in learning without printed books: you could study only manuscripts, and those necessarily must be very few in number. Learn from this to value your books, and always handle them with care.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	Those who do not move, do not notice their chains.
activists	life	wisdom	general	0	Those who do wrong very often think others are censuring them, when they are not even thought of.
activists	faith	wisdom	general	0	Those who read the Scriptures and judge for themselves, not resting satisfied with the perverted application of the text, do not find the distinction that theology and ecclesiastical authorities have made in the condition of the sexes.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	Though many of the poor have come to see the affluent middle class as its enemy, that class actually stands between the poor and the real powers in this society - the administrative octopus with its head in Washington, the conglomerates, the military complex.
activists	society	fact	general	0	Thus lynch law held sway in the far West until civilization spread into the Territories and the orderly processes of law took its place. The emergency no longer existing, lynching gradually disappeared from the West.
activists	life	wisdom	general	0	Time passed solely in the pursuit of pleasure leaves no solid enjoyment for the future; but from the hours you spend in reading and studying useful books, you will gather a golden harvest in future years.
activists	life	wisdom	general	0	To be a man is to suffer for others. God help us to be men!
activists	life	aphorism	general	0	To have once been a criminal is no disgrace. To remain a criminal is the disgrace.
activists	work-money	wisdom	general	0	To me, the avocation of a teacher has something elevating and exciting. While surrounded by the young, one may always be doing good.
activists	society	observation	general	0	To the indefinite, uncertain mind of the American radical the most contradictory ideas and methods are possible. The result is a sad chaos in the radical movement, a sort of intellectual hash, which has neither taste nor character.
activists	life	dark	general	0	To the moralist prostitution does not consist so much in the fact that the woman sells her body, but rather that she sells it out of wedlock.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	To the organizer, compromise is a key and beautiful word. It is always present in the pragmatics of operation... If you start with nothing, demand 100 percent, then compromise for 30 percent, you're 30 percent ahead.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	Truth is on the side of the oppressed.
activists	society	quip	general	0	We Muslims believe that the white race, which is guilty of having oppressed and exploited and enslaved our people here in America, should and will be the victims of God's divine wrath.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	We are not anti-white. But we don't have time for the white man. The white man is on top already, the white man is the boss already... he has first-class citizenship already. So you are wasting your time talking to the white man. We are working on our own people.
activists	faith	wisdom	general	0	We are not sent into this world mainly to enjoy the loveliness therein, nor to sit us down in passive ease; no, we were sent here for action. The soul that seeks to do the will of God with a pure heart, fervently, does not yield to the lethargy of ease.
activists	life	wisdom	general	0	We cannot seek achievement for ourselves and forget about progress and prosperity for our community... Our ambitions must be broad enough to include the aspirations and needs of others, for their sakes and for our own.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	We draw our strength from the very despair in which we have been forced to live. We shall endure.
activists	food	aphorism	general	0	We farm workers are closest to food production. We were the first to recognize the serious health hazards of agriculture pesticides to both consumers and ourselves.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	We have two evils to fight, capitalism and racism. We must destroy both racism and capitalism.
activists	work-money	wisdom	general	0	We learned many years ago that the rich may have money, but the poor have time.
activists	life	uplifting	general	0	We must believe that it is the darkest before the dawn of a beautiful new world. We will see it when we believe it.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	We must see our present fight right through to the very end.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	We need to help students and parents cherish and preserve the ethnic and cultural diversity that nourishes and strengthens this community - and this nation.
activists	life	wisdom	general	0	We too often bind ourselves by authorities rather than by the truth.
activists	society	observation	general	0	We who follow the Honorable Elijah Muhammad feel that when you try and pass integration laws here in America, forcing white people to pretend that they are accepting black people, what you are doing is making white people act in a hypocritical way.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	We wish to be treated 'not as ordinary prisoners,' for we are not criminals. We admit no crime - unless, that is, the love of one's people and country is a crime.
activists	society	observation	general	0	We won't organize any black man to be a Democrat or a Republican because both of them have sold us out. Both of them have sold us out; both parties have sold us out. Both parties are racist, and the Democratic Party is more racist than the Republican Party.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	We've never advocated violence; violence is inflicted upon us. But we do believe in self-defense for ourselves and for black people.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	Well, I have gotten by twenty-seven years, so that is something. I may die, but the Republic of 1916 will never die. Onward to the Republic and liberation of our people.
activists	society	quip	general	0	What I want to know is how the white man, with the blood of black people dripping off his fingers, can have the audacity to be asking black people, 'Do they hate him?' That takes a lot of nerve.
activists	nature	wisdom	general	0	What an enthusiastic devotion is that which sends a man from the attractions of home, the ties of neighbourhood, the bonds of country, to range plains, valleys, hills, mountains, for a new flower.
activists	society	dark	general	0	What becomes a crime deserving capital punishment when the tables are turned is a matter of small moment when the negro woman is the accusing party.
activists	life	wisdom	general	0	What greater bliss than to look back on days spent in usefulness, in doing good to those around us.
activists	society	quip	general	0	What is a Dixiecrat? A Democrat. A Dixiecrat is nothing but a Democrat in disguise.
activists	food	wisdom	general	0	What we do know absolutely is that human lives are worth more than grapes and that innocent-looking grapes on the table may disguise poisonous residues hidden deep inside where washing cannot reach.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	Whatever your fight, don't be ladylike.
activists	society	observation	general	0	When ghetto living seems normal, you have no shame, no privacy.
activists	faith	wisdom	general	0	When poor people get involved in a long conflict, such as a strike or a civil rights drive, and the pressure increases each day, there is a deep need for spiritual advice. Without it, we see families crumble, leadership weaken, and hard workers grow tired.
activists	life	wisdom	general	0	When we are really honest with ourselves we must admit our lives are all that really belong to us. So it is how we use our lives that determines the kind of men we are.
activists	life	wisdom	general	0	When we can't dream any longer we die.
activists	society	observation	general	0	When we say Afro American, we include everyone in the Western Hemisphere of African descent. South America is America. Central America is America. South America has many people in it of African descent.
activists	society	fact	general	0	White America is in the minority.
activists	society	observation	general	0	Who gets the risks? The risks are given to the consumer, the unsuspecting consumer and the poor work force. And who gets the benefits? The benefits are only for the corporations, for the money makers.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	Why not, when it can be done without exposure or expense, let me rescue some of America's miserable children from vice and guilt?
activists	life	wisdom	general	0	With care and patience, people may accomplish things which, to an indolent person, would appear impossible.
activists	work-money	aphorism	general	0	Without a union, the people are always cheated, and they are so innocent.
activists	life	aphorism	general	0	Without education, you are not going anywhere in this world.
activists	society	quip	general	0	Woman, essentially a purist, is naturally bigoted and relentless in her effort to make others as good as she thinks they ought to be.
activists	society	quip	general	0	Women need not always keep their mouths shut and their wombs open.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	Work for legal reform takes place only within the framework of the social form created by the last revolution.
activists	life	wisdom	general	0	You are never strong enough that you don't need help.
activists	society	aphorism	general	0	You can jail a Revolutionary, but you can't jail the Revolution.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	You can tell the tree by the fruit it bears. You see it through what the organization is delivering as far as a concrete program. If the tree's fruit sours or grows brackish, then the time has come to chop it down - bury it and walk over it and plant new seeds.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	You can't hate the roots of a tree and not hate the tree. You can't hate Africa and not hate yourself.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	You can't legislate good will - that comes through education.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	You can't separate peace from freedom because no one can be at peace unless he has his freedom.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	You don't have a peaceful revolution. You don't have a turn-the-cheek revolution. There's no such thing as a nonviolent revolution.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	You don't have to be a man to fight for freedom. All you have to do is to be an intelligent human being.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	You have to realize that up until about 1959, Africa was dominated by the colonial powers. And by the colonial powers of Europe having complete control over Africa, they projected Africa always in a negative light - jungles, savages, cannibals, nothing civilized.
activists	society	quip	general	0	You show me a capitalist, and I'll show you a bloodsucker.
activists	society	wisdom	general	0	You're not supposed to be so blind with patriotism that you can't face reality. Wrong is wrong, no matter who says it.
activists	life	wisdom	general	0	Your minds may now be likened to a garden, which will, if neglected, yield only weeds and thistles; but, if cultivated, will produce the most beautiful flowers, and the most delicious fruits.
