BibleAbridged	faith	quip	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness 1 Chronicles: Hold on, back up. Remember David from earlier? Really good king. Anyway, sorry to interrupt. Continue.
BibleAbridged	faith	quip	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness 1 John: To Whom It May Concern, YES, God REALLY came down and was REALLY made of meat the entire time, and I don't want to catch anyone saying otherwise.
BibleAbridged	faith	quip	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness 1 Timothy: Dear Timothy, Some rules for your church: There is exactly one God. Not one, or two, or three. Okay? Also, don't start one of those hippie vegetarian deals. We get mocked enough as it is. Yours, Paul
BibleAbridged	faith	quip	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness 2 Chronicles: The Northern kingdom crapped out and got conquered, so let's focus on the Southern Kingdom, which also crapped out and got conquered. Everyone moves to Jerusalem, which seemed like a good idea at the time.
BibleAbridged	faith	quip	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness 2 John: Dear Lady, Can you believe these people who think God was never in the flesh? They are anti-Christ, so don't have any of them over for dinner, all right? TTYL, John
BibleAbridged	faith	quip	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness 2 Kings: The northern chunk of the kingdom gets conquered for being bad. The southern chunk people feel pretty self-righteous about it, but then the same thing happens to them.
BibleAbridged	faith	tv-quote	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness 2 Samuel: David kills a bunch of people, which is great, but then he sleeps with a married woman, and WOW is God mad about that. On the plus side, they have a kid named Solomon.
BibleAbridged	faith	dark	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness 2 Thessalonians: Dear Thessalonians, I know, we're all hoping Jesus comes back soon. But, the fact of the matter is that we haven't even seen the anti-Christ yet. So, sit tight, OKAY? Very Sincerely, Paul
BibleAbridged	faith	quip	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness 2 Timothy: Dear Timothy, Listen, I got out of jail, but then Nero picked me up, and man, the accommodations here are a lot more dungeon-y. Be good and do good and all that stuff, and would it kill you to visit? Yours, Paul
BibleAbridged	faith	tv-quote	edgy	1	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness 3 John: Dear Gaius, I wrote a letter to Diotrephes about how he's preaching everything wrong, and he wouldn't even open the damn thing. What's with these people? Talk soon, John
BibleAbridged	faith	quip	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Amos: Amos becomes, like, the 14,000th prophet to note that Israel is making God mad and when you make God mad things go bad.
BibleAbridged	faith	joke	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Colossians: Dear Colossians, No, NO, NO. Jesus is the real God. No other Gods. GOT IT? JEEZ. Please find the attached notes on living properly, which I also sent to the Ephesians. Very Sincerely, Paul
BibleAbridged	faith	quip	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Deuteronomy: Moses makes a big list of what you aren't allowed to do, then up and dies on everyone.
BibleAbridged	faith	tv-quote	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Ecclesiastes: The great wise man and king, Koheleth, wants you to know that he has literally had every pleasure desireable, but he still has a lot of complaints.
BibleAbridged	faith	tv-quote	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Esther: Esther marries the Persian king. Normally, this would be bad on the "no marrying outside the faith" front, but it all works out when she can get a guy hung for trying to kill all the Jews.
BibleAbridged	faith	quip	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Exodus: Pharaoh tried to kill the Hebrews, but he blew it, so they left, and then everyone accidentally worshipped a cow.
BibleAbridged	faith	quip	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Ezekiel: God tells Ezekiel to tell the Israelites that it's their fault Jerusalem got destroyed, but he'll get them a nicer town later, okay?
BibleAbridged	faith	tv-quote	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Galatians: Dear Galatians, I am the only one who talks for God. That's our arrangement, OKAY? If someone else says he's talking for God, he's full of it. Very Sincerely, Paul
BibleAbridged	faith	dark	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Genesis: God made everything, but humans keep screwing it up; some Jews move to Egypt, which seemed like a good idea at the time.
BibleAbridged	faith	tv-quote	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Habakkuk: Habakkuk, in a stroke of wild creative genius, prophesies doom for the faithless.
BibleAbridged	faith	dark	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Haggai: Haggai prophesies that everyone better hurry up and build the temple, or bad stuff will happen in Israel. Change that "or" to "and," and he was 100% correct.
BibleAbridged	faith	quip	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Hebrews: Dear Hebrews, JESUS IS THE BEST! JESUS IS IMMUTABLE! BETTER THAN MOSES! BETTER THAN A REALLY SWEET SWORD! -Anonymous
BibleAbridged	faith	quip	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Isaiah: Things are going right to Hell in Judea. Isaiah declares that Jerusalem will not fall, but hedges his bets a little by not attaching a time stamp to that. Similarly, he says that at some point the Messiah will come.
BibleAbridged	faith	joke	edgy	1	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness James: To Whom It May Concern, I don't care what any other letters say! For God's sake, get off your ass and help people! Sincerely, James
BibleAbridged	faith	tv-quote	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Job: The devil bets God that Job is only faithful because his life is good. God makes Job sick, ruins his farm, and kills his family. Later, Job is miffed, so God scolds him.
BibleAbridged	faith	tv-quote	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Joel: During a plague of locusts, Joel prophesies that the locusts are the army of God. And, if the people of Israel will repent, they will receive great rewards, like an end to the locusts.
BibleAbridged	faith	tv-quote	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness John: Not only are those other three gospels ALL TRUE, but Jesus did so much awesome stuff, John doesn't even have time to list it. Amen!
BibleAbridged	faith	quip	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Jonah: Jonah doesn't want to be a prophet, so God has him eaten by a whale. At this point, Jonah changes his mind and God has the whale puke him up. Jonah cooperates, but remains irritated.
BibleAbridged	society	dark	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Joshua: Joshua and the Israelites kill, enslave, and conquer a bunch of people, at which point Joshua gives a lecture on the importance of rule-following.
BibleAbridged	faith	quip	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Jude: To Everyone Doing it Right, Can you believe these people doing it wrong? You know, there were people in the Old Testament who did it wrong, and we all saw what happened to them. Yeah. Sincerely, Jude
BibleAbridged	faith	quip	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Judges: The Israelites keep mucking things up in the Promised land, though they had some solid judges there for a while.
BibleAbridged	faith	quip	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Lamentations: Interlude: Some sad songs about how God was right to let the Babylonians siege, starve, and destroy Jerusalem. We don't have the musical score, but hopefully it was upbeat.
BibleAbridged	faith	quip	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Leviticus: Rules: Don't screw up your sacrifices, don't have weird sex, be nice to your slaves, and once a year send a goat into the desert because, hey, you haven't been so great.
BibleAbridged	faith	quip	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Luke: NO, NO, WAIT, JESUS IS EVEN A BIGGER BADASS THAN IN MARK. This one time they crucified him, and he didn't even NOTICE.
BibleAbridged	faith	quip	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Malachi: Malachi decries the Israelites for horrible practices, such as sacrificing animals that are not top quality. He prophesies that the Messiah will be courteous and send word before he shows up.
BibleAbridged	faith	joke	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Mark: Basically Matthew's Gospel, but with less boring, more ACTION, and your choice of two endings!
BibleAbridged	faith	quip	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Matthew: Hey, the Messiah's here! He's got a heck of a pedigree, gives a great speech, and this one time they killed him BUT HE CAME RIGHT BACK.
BibleAbridged	faith	quip	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Micah: Having enjoyed that story about a whale, we return to another book about a prophet who says doom is coming to Israel.
BibleAbridged	faith	tv-quote	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Nahum: For variety's sake, Nahum prophesies the doom of Nineveh.
BibleAbridged	faith	quip	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Nehemiah: Nehemiah builds a wall around Jerusalem for cheap by getting each guy to make some wall behind his house. Later, Jewish men start getting with pagans again.
BibleAbridged	faith	quip	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Numbers: People talk smack about God and get punished, then people talk smack about Moses and get punished, then Moses refuses to talk to a rock and gets punished; Hebrews kill their way into the promised land.
BibleAbridged	faith	quip	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Obadiah: Edom is ruled as a vassal state of Israel for many years. Later, when the Babylonians attacks Jerusalem, the Edomites don't help fight them off. For this, prophecies Obadiah, they will be punished.
BibleAbridged	faith	tv-quote	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Philippians: Dear Philippians, Thank you for your continued support. I can only hope that you too are lucky enough to suffer as much torment as I have, in service of The Lord. Christianly, Paul
BibleAbridged	faith	quip	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Proverbs: DO do good stuff. DON'T do bad stuff. And for God's sake, LISTEN every now and then.
BibleAbridged	faith	tv-quote	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Psalms: ( singing ) God is great! God is great! Super great! Couple times he really let things go to hell, BUT that's probably 'cause of something we did, SO God is great! God is great! Super great!
BibleAbridged	faith	quip	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Ruth: Ruth's husband dies, so she moves in with her mother-in-law. Later, she meets a nice man in a wheat field, so it all works out.
BibleAbridged	faith	tv-quote	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Song of Solomon: Interlude: A sexy poem, with romantic talk, such as "Your teeth are like a flock of uniformly shaped ewes." No, wait WAIT. It's not about sex, it's about loving God. Phew.
BibleAbridged	faith	quip	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Zephaniah: Zephaniah - presumably giving in to peer pressure among the prophet crowd - prophesies doom for the faithless.
