cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	"So Sherlock..." asked Watson, "I forget, what was your highest degree of education?" "Elementary, my dear Watson."
cleanjokes	tech	joke	general	0	"Stay strong!" I said to my wi-fi signal.
cleanjokes	science	joke	general	0	"We don't serve time travelers here" A time traveler walks into a bar.
cleanjokes	food	joke	general	0	"What kind of house does cheese like to live in?" "A cottage"
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	(True story) So my friend saw me browsing this subreddit and he said... "Is this a subreddit for really bad jokes?"
cleanjokes	life	quip	general	0	*THUD* "What was that?" "My pants fell down." "...Why so loud?" "I'm wearing them."
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	...walks into a bar... A golfer, a priest and a lawyer walk into a bar. The bartender looks up and asks, "What is this? Some kind of joke?"
cleanjokes	life	quip	general	0	/r/askreddit thread "What's the best clean joke you know" with thousands of replies http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/zrotp/whats_the_best_clean_joke_you_know/
cleanjokes	life	observation	general	0	/r/cleanjokes hits 10K subscribers **/r/cleanjokes metrics:** Total Subscribers: 10,000 Subreddit Rank: 2,246 Milestones &amp; Subreddit Growth: http://redditmetrics.com/r/cleanjokes
cleanjokes	life	quip	general	0	/r/pickle welcomes it's newest ally. It's always good to have clean jokes. I due urge the mods to add us to your sidebar, due to the fact that you are on ours.
cleanjokes	science	pun	general	0	16 sodium atoms walk into a bar followed by Batman.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	2 fish in a tank, one says to the other Do you know how to drive this thing?
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	6:30 is the best time on a clock... ...hands down.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	A Bagpiper, a Kangeroo, an Irish poet, and Mother Theresa walk into a bar . . . . . . . the barman, who was drying a glass, lifted his head and asked, "Is this some kind of joke?"
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	A Polar Bear walks into a cafe He says, "I'll have a burger and.... a coke." The waitress says, "Okay. But, why the long pause?" The bear says, "I don't know. I was born with them."
cleanjokes	life	quip	general	0	A Siri joke!: Two iPhones walk into a bar... ...Carrying a set of iPod shuffles. The bartender says: &gt; Let those iPods sing, man! He was an iSurfer on iPad mini.
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	A Thanksgiving Joke What did the turkey say about the television program from the 1950s? There's a little bit too much grayvy.
cleanjokes	society	joke	general	0	A WWII Joke! What did the German Shepherd say at his Nuremberg trial? "I was just following odors."
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	A bear and a rabbit are pooping in the woods The bear asks the rabbit - "do you have a problem with poop sticking to your fur?" "Nope" So the bear wipes his butt with the rabbit.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	A blind man walks into a bar. And a table. And a door. And a staircase. I don't think hes alright now.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	A broom only likes one brand of comedy. Dustpan.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	A classic: what do you call somebody with no body and no nose? Nobody knows.
cleanjokes	life	dark	general	0	A cow fell off a truck in Russia Apparently he hadn't been Put in properly.
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	A dog with only 3 legs walks into a saloon in the Old West He slides up to the bar and announces: ''I'm looking for the man who shot my paw."
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	A farmer in (x-town) who rolled over a cart of horse manure... Is reported in "stable condition."
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	A frog decided to trace his genealogy one day... He discovered he was a tad Polish.
cleanjokes	nature	verse	general	0	A funny bird is the pelican His beak can hold more than his belly can He can hold in his beak Enough for a week And I don't know how the heck he can!
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	A guy walks into a bar Ouch
cleanjokes	work-money	joke	general	0	A horse walks into a bar, orders a beer. The bartender says, "Why the long face?" And the horse answers, "They've started a round of layoffs at the plant."
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	A long joke jooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooke
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	A man enters a store and asks for a color printer, the cashier asks "What color?"
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	A man once thought he'd discovered a new primary color but it proved to be merely a pigment of his imagination.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	A man started to throw words beginning with 'th' at me I dodge this, then and there but I didn't see that coming
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	A man walked into a doctor's office . . . He said to the doctor: "I've hurt my arm in several places." The doctor said: "Well don't go there any more."
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	A man walks into a bar... He says "Ow"
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	A man walks into a fancy dress party carrying a woman on his back... The host asks the man why this is so. "Oh, I'm a tortoise and this is Michelle" says the man.
cleanjokes	tech	joke	general	0	A man walks into an apple store and...... farts every one is really angry and there all shouting so he says it's not my fault you don't have windows
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	A man wanted to name his son a very long name... ...so he named him Miles
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	A man was caught stealing in a supermarket today... ...while balanced on the shoulders of a couple of vampires. He was charged with shoplifting on two counts.
cleanjokes	science	joke	general	0	A mathematician was constipated, how did he solve his problem? He worked it out with a pencil and paper.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	A pair of mittens says to a hat, "I'll stay here, you go on a head"
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	A penguin walks into a bar... He goes up to the barman and says, "Have you seen my father in here today?" The barman says, "I don't know, what does he look like?"
cleanjokes	science	pun	general	0	A photon checks into a hotel... The bellhop asks him if he has any luggage and the photon replies "No. I'm travelling light."
cleanjokes	science	pun	general	0	A photon walks into a hotel. The bellhop asks if he needs help with his bags. The photon says, "no, I'm travelling light. "
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	A platypus went into a hotel owned by a duck.. ..A platypus went into a hotel owned by a duck. Platypus ate food. Duck billed platypus
cleanjokes	life	verse	general	0	A poem for Valentine's day Roses are red Poppies are red The grass is red Oh no my yard is on fire
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	A police officer bought a robot this robot was fueled by sodium and alkaline, but could only hold enough for 24 hours at a time. so every morning he had to charge it with a salt and battery.
cleanjokes	faith	joke	general	0	A priest, a minister, and a rabbit walk into a bar... ...and the bartender says, "What is this, a joke?"
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	A sad can goes to get recycled. He was soda-pressed.
cleanjokes	arts	joke	general	0	A sentence and a phrase is arguing, what did the sentence say? I know where you're coming from this phrase, but I can't see your point.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	A skeleton walks into a bar The bartender says, what will you have? Skeleton says, a beer... and a mop
cleanjokes	life	dark	general	0	A skeleton walks into a bar orders a beer and a mop.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	A skeleton walks into a bar... Asks for a beer and a mop.
cleanjokes	life	dark	general	0	A skelleton goes to the bar and says "Can I have a pint and a mop..."
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	A stamp collector walks into a bar... He walks up to the hostess and says, "You're more beautiful than any stamp in my collection" She replied, "Philately will get you nowhere."
cleanjokes	family	joke	general	0	A teacher asked her students to use the word "beans" in a sentence... "My father grows beans," said one girl. "My mother cooks beans," said a boy. A third student spoke up, "We are all human beans."
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	A termite walks into a bar... And asks the nearest person "Hey, is the bar tender here?"
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	A termite walks into a pub And asks "where's the bar tender?"
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	A vampire stopped coming to my nightly poker games. All I said was that he made too many mistakes...
cleanjokes	love	pun	general	0	A woman files for divorce from her husband... citing that he makes too many Star Wars puns. When asked if this is true the husband says, "Divorce is strong with this one."
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	ABCDEFGHIJKMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ Noel.
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	Accidental Seafood I tried dolphin once...but not on porpoise.
cleanjokes	life	quip	general	0	Actually, there are but two types of people Those who can extrapolate from limited data ...
cleanjokes	life	observation	general	0	After watching a strongman competition... it amazed me to see how much the human body can lift without pooing itself.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	All these people getting emails from the Prince of Nigeria, I got one from an Egyptian Pharaoh... But it turned out to just be a pyramid scheme.
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	Almonds on the tree; Amonds off the tree cause to get them off the tree you hafta shake the "L" out of them!
cleanjokes	food	quip	general	0	Alrighty Kids always remember: you are what you eat So eat loads of sweets and pass on those vegetables
cleanjokes	nature	pun	general	0	Always put sunglasses on your tree. Then, you'll get the proper shade.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	An Olympic gymnast walked into a bar... She didnt get a medal...
cleanjokes	life	observation	general	0	An idea for a board game... BONOPOLY - Similar to Monopoly, but where the streets have no name.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	An invisible man marries an invisible woman... The kids were nothing to look at either.
cleanjokes	science	joke	general	0	An ion walked up to Lost and Found and reported that he had lost an electron. The clerk asked:are you sure? The ion replied :Yes, I am positive.VCN
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	An oldie but goldie! *How do you stop a charging bull?* ***Take away its credit card!*** wa-waa-waaaa! ~Skip
cleanjokes	food	joke	general	0	Apparently vegetables can hear when they're being eaten. So I always drown mine in salad dressing first. Because it's the Romaine thing to do.
cleanjokes	tech	quip	general	0	Apple just released a brand new programming language, *Swift*. Job recruiters everywhere immediately started posting ads for Swift programmers with 5 years of experience.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	April showers bring May flowers, but what do May flowers bring? Pilgrims.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Armadillo The world needs more armed dillos.
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	As I watched the dog chasing his tail, I thought, Dogs sure are easily amused!... ...then I realized I was watching the dog chasing his tail.
cleanjokes	life	quip	general	0	Ask your doctor if left is right for you.
cleanjokes	nature	pun	general	0	At least I now know why the lions leave the plains before the end of summer. Because the Pride goeth before the Fall.
cleanjokes	science	pun	general	0	At the end of the Age of Dinosaurs what happened to the good ones? They got veloci-raptured.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Balloon's What's a balloon's favorite genre of music? Pop.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Barely amusing Japanese joke Why are snakes so difficult to pick up in Japan? Because in Japan, snakes are hebi.
cleanjokes	life	quip	general	0	Batman doesn't have nightmares Nightmares have batman
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Bee jokes, courtesy of my niece (age 8). What did the bee use to dry off after swimming? A *bee*ch towel. What did the bee use to get out the tangles? A honeycomb.
cleanjokes	life	quip	general	0	Better be named after what? If you had to choose, would you prefer having a disease named after you, or be named after your mother in law?
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Book, you look so much thinner! I know! I had my appendix removed!
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Branson My wife and I went to Branson, Missouri. I think our hotel caters to senior citizens because it had a free incontinental breakfast.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Breaking news! Energizer Bunny arrested... ...charged with battery.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Broken pencils... ...are pointless.
cleanjokes	work-money	quip	general	0	Broom advocates for cleaner work environment.
cleanjokes	society	observation	general	0	Bulls from all over India sent a petition to SC asking it to classify them as 'Jallikatu Bulls'.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	By shear coincidence... ...all these sheep look the same...
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Can February March? No, but April May.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Can you tell me what you call a person from Corsica? Course a can.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Captain Ahab's crew were highly efficient sailors In fact, they were running like a whale oiled machine.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Cars Why do lazy people only drive automatics? Because they're shiftless.
cleanjokes	arts	pun	general	0	Charles Dickens walks into a bar... and orders a martini. The bartender asks "olive 'er twist?"
cleanjokes	science	joke	general	0	Chemistry Student I'm a science teacher and once I asked one of my lazy students if he knew the chemical symbol for sodium. He replied, 'Na, I don't'. Lucky sod, he's only ever right periodically.
cleanjokes	work-money	dark	general	0	Choose a major you love and you won't have to work for a day in your life Because that major probably has no jobs (not an original)
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Clean joke about sorority girls Why do sorority girls only travel in odd numbered groups? Because they *can't even*!
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Coco The Clown took his car back to the garage this week. The door wouldn't fall off.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Cogito Ergo Spud. I think, therefore I yam.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	College My son took Rock Climbing in college but he had to drop the class. He couldn't find any "Cliff Notes."
cleanjokes	family	dark	general	0	Congratulation on the new baby, from your family... except from me because I don't really care.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Darth Vader told me he knows what i'm getting for Christmas He said he felt my presents...
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Define "Will" Isn't it obvious? It's a dead giveaway!
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Definitions Bigamist - An Italian fog. Myfunsalow - "I am broke" in Italian. Innuendo - Italian for suppository.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Did I tell you I'm joining a gym in Gainesborough? Because I'm all about those gains bro
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Did someone say "purple"? Sorry, it must have been a pigment of my imagination!
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Did y'all hear the one about the professional jump-roper? Never mind. *Skip it*.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Did ya hear about the magic tractor? It turned into a field
cleanjokes	science	joke	general	0	Did you hear about NASA finding bones on the moon? Yeah,the cow didn't make it.
cleanjokes	arts	pun	general	0	Did you hear about Scrooge's drinking problem? He had a dickens of a time with spirits.
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	Did you hear about that spicy knight? Sir Acha.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Did you hear about the Antennas that got married? The wedding was lame, but the reception was great!
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Did you hear about the French chef who committed suicide? He lost the huile d'olive
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	Did you hear about the Italian chef that died? He pasta way.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Did you hear about the Native American who went to a party and drank 37 cups of tea? They found him dead the next morning in his tea pee.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Did you hear about the butcher who backed into the meat grinder? He got a little behind in his work.
cleanjokes	arts	pun	general	0	Did you hear about the casting for the new Batman movie? People have really Ben Affleckted by it.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Did you hear about the corduroy pillow? You didn't hear? It made headlines!
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Did you hear about the farmer that fell into the field machine and lost half his body? He's all right now! :-)
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	Did you hear about the fight in the candy store? Two suckers got licked
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Did you hear about the fortune teller that... Had bad breath, calluses all over his body and couldn't win a fight? He was a Super Callused Fragile Mystic Hexed with halitosis.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Did you hear about the guy who fell into an upholstery machine? Now he's fully recovered.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Did you hear about the guy who invented a knife that can cut four loaves of bread at once? He's calling it the "Four Loaf Cleaver."
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Did you hear about the homemade poison ivy remedy? You can make it from scratch.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Did you hear about the kidnapping in Delaware? Don't worry, he eventually woke up.
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	Did you hear about the kidnapping recently? The goatherd woke him up.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Did you hear about the lawyer for U2? He was Pro-Bono
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Did you hear about the man who was accidentally buried alive? It was a grave mistake. Woohoo! I'm making these up!!
cleanjokes	science	joke	general	0	Did you hear about the mathematician who hated negative numbers? He'll stop at nothing to avoid them!
cleanjokes	science	pun	general	0	Did you hear about the neutron who was arrested? He was held without charge.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Did you hear about the ointment... Did you hear about the ointment that couldn't stop talking about politics? When confronted, he said he was just trying to be topical.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Did you hear about the production delays at that company that makes scales using lengthy pipes? They had really long weights.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Did you hear about the scarecrow who won the Nobel Prize? He was outstanding in his field. From: http://www.dadlaughs.com
cleanjokes	work-money	pun	general	0	Did you hear about the schizophrenic accounts manager? He couldn't help but hear invoices inside his head.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Did you hear about the skeleton who didn't go to prom? He had no body to go with.
cleanjokes	love	pun	general	0	Did you hear about the stallion and the mare? They had a stable relationship.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Did you hear about the two monocles at the party? They made spectacles out of themselves.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Did you hear about the two silk worms that got in a fight? It ended in a tie.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Did you hear about the wedding between the two antenna? The service was terrible, but the reception was great.
cleanjokes	nature	pun	general	0	Did you hear about what happened with the elk? It was really amoosing.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Did you hear that H.P. Lovecraft wrote a cookbook? It's called the Necronomnomnomicon.
cleanjokes	arts	pun	general	0	Did you hear the Offspring song about how to store mummies? "You gotta keep 'em desiccated"
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Did you hear the joke about the fast car? I would tell you but I think you're too slow to get it.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Did you hear the one about the constipated mathematician? He worked his problem out with a pencil.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Did you hear the one about the three eggs? Too Bad.
cleanjokes	science	pun	general	0	Did you hear they're republishing that Simple Mathematics study guide? It's the revised edition. (Revise Addition)
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Did you know that 1 in every doll, in every doll, in every doll, in every doll are Russian?
cleanjokes	society	quip	general	0	Did you know that in high school, Robert E. Lee was voted "most likely to secede?"
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	Did you know that it's traditional to serve Eggs Benedict on a hubcap? There's no plate like chrome for the Hollandaise.
cleanjokes	science	joke	general	0	Did you know that protons have mass? &gt;Yes Well I didn't even know they were Catholic!
cleanjokes	family	joke	general	0	Did you know yesterday was National Middle Child Day? Don't worry, no one else remembered either.
cleanjokes	life	quip	general	0	Did you see the guy at Walmart hiding from ugly people?
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Did you take a shower today? Why, is one missing?
cleanjokes	arts	joke	general	0	Difference between a dead squirrel and a dead drummer in the road? http://imgur.com/PKibj The squirrel might have been on his way to a gig.
cleanjokes	nature	pun	general	0	Do you guys/gals like horse jokes? Yeah or neeiiigghh?
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Do you have a hole in your sock? "No ..." *(looks at sock)* . . How'd you get your foot in it?
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	Do you know why one side of the the V formation of geese in flight is longer than the other side? Because It has more geese in it!
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Do you know why the bike couldnt stand by itself? It was TWO TIRED!!!
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	Do you know why there's no casinos in Africa? Because there's too many CHEETAHS!
cleanjokes	life	quip	general	0	Do you think George Clooney has an iTunes playlist called Clooney Tunes?
cleanjokes	nature	pun	general	0	Dolphins don't do anything by accident.. Always on porpoise.
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	Don't you hate jokes about German sausage? They're the wurst!
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Ever heard about that movie called Constipation? It never came out.
cleanjokes	life	quip	general	0	Every journey has a beginning. -ahem- Just a small town girl Living in a lonely world...
cleanjokes	life	quip	general	0	Every morning I run around the block 5 times... ...Then I slide the block back under the bed and go back to sleep
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Every single morning I get hit by the same bike... It's a vicious cycle.
cleanjokes	life	quip	general	0	Fart tutor wanted, must have references
cleanjokes	arts	pun	general	0	Finally decided on my thesis paper. It's a LOTR themed essay in defense of Sauron Titled "Getting away with Mordor"
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	First original joke! Why did the rapper visit the urologist? Because his flows were so sick.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	First post and an original How much does a Chinese elephant weigh? .................. Wonton
cleanjokes	love	quip	general	0	Four years ago, I asked out the girl of my dreams. Today, I asked her to marry me. She said no both times. (not an original)
cleanjokes	work-money	pun	general	0	Garbage men have Hefty contracts.
cleanjokes	science	pun	general	0	Gravity makes a terrible friend. It's always holding you down.
cleanjokes	life	quip	general	0	HELP! We need your best joke you have! We will choose the best joke and make a video of it, just for you!
cleanjokes	arts	pun	general	0	Harry Potter can't tell the difference between his cooking pot and his best friend. [X Post from r/Fantasy] They're both cauldron.
cleanjokes	faith	quip	general	0	Have a very Joseph Christmas! We shouldn't discriminate by sex, you know.
cleanjokes	life	quip	general	0	Have you been injured in a car accident? call 555-bottom-feeders. We will do anything for money.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Have you ever heard the one about the dust bunny and the mud pie? Well then sorry, I only tell clean jokes.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Have you guys ever heard of the crazy Mexican Train Killer? He had...... Loco Motives
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	Have you heard about that hot Thai lounge singer? Yeah. They call him *Frank Sriracha.*
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Have you heard about the 2 Spanish firemen? Jose and hose B
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Have you heard about the Black Magic book for orphans? It's called the necro**mom**icon
cleanjokes	faith	joke	general	0	Have you heard the one about the agnostic with dyslexia and insomnia? He tossed and turned all night wondering if there was a dog
cleanjokes	nature	pun	general	0	Have you heard what I think of windmills? Big Fan.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Have you seen the movie - Constipated? No? Why? Cause it hasn't come out yet!
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Heard the one about the corduroy pillowcase? It's making headlines.
cleanjokes	life	dark	general	0	Heart attack When is the worst possible time to have a heart attack? When you are playing Charades.
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	Here's a funny joke I heard about pizza oh nevermind. It's too cheesy.
cleanjokes	life	quip	general	0	Hope you guys like clean humor videos https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kNt-aTq0hxM
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	How can you tell if a hamburger was grilled in space? It's a little meteor.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	How can you tell that a straight pin is confused? Just look at it. It's headed in one direction and pointed in the other.
cleanjokes	society	dark	general	0	How did Hitler tie his shoelaces? In cute little knotsies!
cleanjokes	food	joke	general	0	How did the Pillsbury Dough Boy Die? A Yeast Infection
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	How did the aquarium win the battle? Giant Fish Tanks.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	How did the burglar get into the house? Intruder window
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	How did the desk lamp store manager feel when thieves stole all his lightbulbs? He was delighted.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	How did the firefly feel when he flew into the fan? He was de-lighted
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	How did the geologist develop a career as an expert in sinkholes? He fell into it.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	How did the metal get the wrong idea? He was misled.
cleanjokes	arts	pun	general	0	How did the musician catch his fish? He castanet
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	How did the pilot like his hotdog? Plane.
cleanjokes	work-money	joke	general	0	How did the prostitute get promoted? She slept her way to the top!
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	How did the townspeople react when the mayor presented them with a cost efficient, vegan protein source? They chia'd.
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	How do cows get their gossip? They herd it through the bovine.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	How do crazy people go through the forest? They take the psycho-path.
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	How do porcupines play leapfrog? Very carefully
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	How do sailors finish a corny joke on a boat? Ba dum ship.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	How do trees get online? They just log in...
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	How do you call a deer with no eyes? No idea.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	How do you call for a bath? With a Teletubbie.
cleanjokes	life	pun	edgy	1	How do you catch a bra? You set a booby trap.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	How do you catch a one-of-a-kind rabbit? Unique up on it. How do you catch a very calm rabbit? The tame way.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	How do you catch a unique rabbit? *unique* up on it!
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	How do you confuse a fish? You put it in a bowl and tell it go to a corner!
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	How do you count cows? With a cowculator.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	How do you find Will Smith in the snow? Look for the fresh prints.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	How do you find Will Smith in the winter? You search for Fresh Prints.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	How do you fix a broken pumpkin? With a pumpkin patch!
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	How do you get Pikachu on the bus? Poke 'em on!
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	How do you get down from an elephant? You don't, you get down from a duck
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	How do you keep an idiot in suspense? I'll tell you later.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	How do you kill a circus? You stab it in the juggler.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	How do you kill a vampire from the South? With a chicken fried stake
cleanjokes	food	joke	general	0	How do you kill bread? Bake it for a little while, and it will be toast.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	How do you know ancient Egyptians loved books so much? Because they built their stuff with reads!
cleanjokes	life	dark	nsfw	1	How do you know it's time to go to bed? Hitler is raping you!
cleanjokes	life	quip	general	0	How do you know you put the right joke in the right thread? Don't worry, someone will tell you.
cleanjokes	tech	joke	general	0	How do you make a computer your best friend? You buy it a nice bunch of software and get it loaded!
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	How do you make a kleenex dance? You put a little Boogie in it!
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	How do you make a squid laugh? Ten tickles.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	How do you make a tissue dance? You put a boogie in it! (Not sure of the spelling, heard it from someone).
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	How do you make a tissue dance? You put a little boogie in it. :)
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	How do you make gold soup? You use 14 carrots.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	How do you pay for things in the Czech Republic? Cash or Czech Edit: a word
cleanjokes	science	pun	general	0	How do you prepare for a party in space? You Planet Thanks u/BostonCentrist
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	How do you think the unthinkable? With an itheburg.
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	How do you turn soup into gold? You add 24 carats!
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	How do you unlock a monastery door? With a monk key.
cleanjokes	arts	pun	general	0	How does Han Solo like to get around Endor? Ewoks
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	How does Harry Houdini tell people to steal stuff? Straight jack it.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	How does a cactus do his math homework? He uses a cacti-lator!
cleanjokes	nature	pun	general	0	How does a duck pay for lipstick? She puts it on her bill
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	How does a fish always know how much they weigh? Because they have their own scales!
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	How does a hamburger introduce his girlfriend? Meat patty! Thought of you guys!
cleanjokes	science	pun	general	0	How does a mathematician get Tan? Sin/Cos
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	How does a penguin build its house? Igloos it together!
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	How does a plant walk? It uses a plant stand.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	How does the Mummy plan to destroy Superman? He's gonna lure him in to the crypt tonight.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	How does the farmer count up his cows? ...with a cowculator.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	How does the man in the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it.
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	How is a rabbit similar to a plum? they are both purple, except for the rabbit.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	How long did it take for the police to catch the man running in his underwear? It was a brief chase...
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	How many Romans does it take to screw in a light bulb? V.
cleanjokes	arts	joke	general	0	How many Saiyans does it take to change a lightbulb? Just one, but it takes 5 episodes.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	How many South Americans does it take to change a lightbulb? A Brazilian.... I'll get my coat...
cleanjokes	arts	joke	general	0	How many Super Saiyans does it take to change a lightbulb? Just 1 but it will take 3 episodes.
cleanjokes	society	joke	general	0	How many US Congressmen does it take to change a lightbulb? Oh, please. Like they've ever changed anything that needed it.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	How many apples grow on a tree? All of them.
cleanjokes	faith	joke	general	0	How many catholics does it take to change a lightbulb? CHANGE?!
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	How many dancers does it take to change a lightbulb? 5,6,7,8
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	How many ears does Captain Picard have? A right ear. A left ear. And a final front ear.
cleanjokes	society	pun	general	0	How many goals did Germany score? gerMANY
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	How many golfers does it take to change a light bulb? FOUR!
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	How many hipsters does it take to change a light bulb? it's a pretty obscure number.... i'm sure you haven't heard of it.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	How many hipsters does it take to change a lightbulb? It's a really obscure number. You've probably never heard of it.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	How many magazines did the racquetball footwear company make before going out of business? Tennis shoes (Also: can anyone think of a more succinct buildup? It seems kinda unwieldy to me)
cleanjokes	arts	joke	general	0	How many minimalists does it take to screw in a light bulb? 1
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	How many nihilists does it take to screw in a lightbulb? #
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	How many roads must a man walk? 42.
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	How many tickles does it take to make a squid laugh? Tentacles.
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? Ten tickles.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	How much did the pirate charge for corn? He sold them for a buccaneer.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	How much did the skeleton charge for his excellent legal services? An arm and a leg.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	How much do drum shaped sofas cost? 5 dollars per-cushion.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	How much do pirates pay for earrings? about a buck an ear.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	How much does a pirate earing cost? A buccaneer
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	How much does a truck full of bones weigh? A skeleTon
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	How much does it cost a pirate to get his ear pierced? A buccaneer!
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	How much does it cost a pirate to pierce his ears? A buccaneer!
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	How much does it cost for a pirate to get his ear pierced? A buccaneer.
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	How much does wonton soup weigh? One ton, but I don't know anyone that'd wantonly order it.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	How to create a clean joke Step 1. Find a dirty joke Step 2. Clean it
cleanjokes	society	pun	general	0	How was Rome split in half? With a pair of *Caesars*
cleanjokes	society	pun	general	0	How was the Roman Empire cut in two? With a pair of Caesars.
cleanjokes	society	quip	general	0	I am not pro gay. I am not even amateur gay. But, I support their rights.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	I asked my soap who it voted for, it said... I'd lather not say! note: This one came to me in the shower just now, gotta go back in now. Oh, the irony! I think. ~Skip
cleanjokes	society	quip	general	0	I believe a lot of conflict in the Wild West could have been avoided completely... ...if cowboy architects had just made their towns big enough for everyone.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	I bought a duckdoo yesterday! 'What's a duckdoo?' "quack, quack"
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	I bought a vacuum cleaner six months ago... ...and so far, all it's been doing is gathering dust.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	I bought some shoes from a drug dealer, I don't know what he laced them with but I have been tripping all day. --My amazing girlfriend told me this one
cleanjokes	life	quip	general	0	I came into this subreddit expecting jokes about soap. I am mildly disappointed.
cleanjokes	tech	pun	general	0	I came up with a joke about my old cell phone Nevermind, it tends to get terrible reception
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	I can make a movie with my hand. All it takes is a FLICK of the wrist!
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	I can't stand Russian Dolls... They're always so full of themselves!
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	I dig, she dig, we dig, he dig, they dig, you dig ... Maybe not a funny joke but at least it is deep.
cleanjokes	work-money	quip	general	0	I do my best when my manager puts a gun to my head.
cleanjokes	tech	quip	general	0	I don't have a Facebook or Twitter account... ...so I just go around announcing out loud what I'm doing at random times. I've got 3 followers so far, but I think 2 are cops.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	I don't have the faintest idea why I passed out Just a short pun
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	I don't like going to funerals early in the day. I'm not much of a mourning person.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	I farted on an elevator, it was wrong on so many levels. From /r/PeterL
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	I fear for the calendar... ...its days are numbered.
cleanjokes	nature	pun	general	0	I feed my cat lemons. He's a real sour puss.
cleanjokes	life	observation	general	0	I fell in the mud. And took a shower right after!
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	I fell off a forty foot ladder today.... lucky I was on the bottom rung.
cleanjokes	family	joke	general	0	I finally finished baby proofing the house. Let's see those babies get in here now.
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	I find hanging around in coffee shops A great way to espresso yourself
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	I forgot where I threw my boomerang. Oh wait.. It's coming back to me now.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	I got hit hard in the head with a can of 7up today... I'm alright though, it was a soft drink.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	I had a conversation with a Mobius strip... It was one-sided.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	I had a joke about time travel but you guys didn't like it.
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	I had to clean out my spice rack and found everything was too old and had to be thrown out. What a waste of thyme.
cleanjokes	society	quip	general	0	I hate girls with double standards unless they're pretty
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	I hate people who talk about me behind my back... They discussed me.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	I hate when you're trying to be cheesy but everyone is laughtose intolerant.
cleanjokes	work-money	pun	general	0	I have a lot of jokes about the unemployed... ...but none of them work.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	I have found that there are three kinds of people; Those who can count and those who can't.
cleanjokes	life	quip	general	0	I have the opposite of a photographic memory i have a potatographic memory.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	I have to find a new personal trainer. He didn't do squat(s).
cleanjokes	arts	pun	general	0	I hear that in Star Wars VIII they're going to introduce Han's perpetually depressed younger brother. His name is Y Solo.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	I heard a great joke about a boomerang earlier. I'm sure it will come back to me eventually.
cleanjokes	science	quip	general	0	I heard it's a good night to see the Perseid meteor shower . . . . . . but I haven't heard how it got dirty.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	I heard she accidentally spilled her chocolate milkshake on her white poodle- -knick knack paddy whack give the dog a... bath!!!
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	I heard the best time travel joke tomorrow.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	I invented a time machine... ...next week.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	I just bought a Bonnie Tyler sat-nav. It keeps telling me to turn around, and every now and then it falls apart.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	I just found out I'm colorblind It came out of the yellow.
cleanjokes	work-money	pun	general	0	I just got a job helping a one arm typist do capital letters... Its shift work.
cleanjokes	society	pun	general	0	I just heard because of the government shutdown government archeologists are working with a skeleton crew.
cleanjokes	arts	quip	general	0	I just invented a new word! It's called "plagiarism".
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	I just met someone who was a steam-roller operator. He was such a flatterer.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	I just read this article about short term memory I don't remember what it was about
cleanjokes	tech	quip	general	0	I knew I was old when I opened internet explorer.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	I knew this guy who was so dumb... he saw a road sign that said, "Disney Land Left", so he turned around and went home.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	I knew this guy who would ask men at church, "is your tie made out of bird cloth?" &lt;blank stare&gt; "It's cheep, cheep, cheep."
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	I know a guy who collects candy canes... ...they are all in mint condition.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	I know a woman who owns a taser... Let me tell you, she's stunning!
cleanjokes	nature	pun	general	0	I like camping but... it's so in tents
cleanjokes	life	quip	general	0	I like my jokes they way I like my robots. Killer.
cleanjokes	life	quip	general	0	I like my slaves like I like my coffee: Free.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	I love graphs! I used to be obsessed with them... I've calmed down now though, you've gotta draw the line somewhere
cleanjokes	life	quip	general	0	I love self deprecating humour. Shame I'm no good at it.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	I love when I have dramatic realizations over my morning cereal... ... I call 'em "breakfast epiphanies"
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	I made a model aircraft. I wanted it to be an unpainted smooth finish wooden aircraft. So I made a plain planed plane plane.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	I made half a cup of tea the other day... It was so nice I had two.
cleanjokes	life	quip	general	0	I may be middle-class, but I'm hard. *Al dente*, you might say. **Jimmy Carr**
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	I met Phil Spector's brother Crispin the other day. He's head of quality control at Lays.
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	I named my cat "Curiosity". He killed himself ... Nine times.
cleanjokes	nature	pun	general	0	I need this plant to grow. Well, water you waiting for?
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	I never buy Velcro It's such a rip off.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	I once ate a watch. It was time consuming, I didn't go back for seconds.
cleanjokes	life	quip	general	0	I personally don't believe in bros before hoes or hoes before hoes.. There needs to be a balance. A homie-hoe-stasis
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	I rang up a local builder and said, "I want a skip outside my house." He said, "I'm not stopping you." **Tim Vine**
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	I read a story about a kid that ate 4 cans of alphabet soup in one sitting... It said that he later had a massive vowel movement. Maybe a dirty joke.
cleanjokes	life	quip	general	0	I said bring your coffee maker whenever you want Them: great headphones on planes is heavier than flying over TEAs
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	I saw a documentary on how they make jeans... It was riveting.
cleanjokes	life	observation	general	0	I saw a middle aged man staring at a picture of his very first steps. With tears in his eyes, he told me he regrets ever replacing the steps with an elevator.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	I saw an all frog production of Frozen yesterday... It was toad-aly cool!
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	I saw this man and woman wrapped in a barcode... I asked, Are you two an item?
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	I still remember what my grandpa said before he kicked the bucket... "How far do you think I can kick this bucket?!"
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	I support farming and math... I'm pro-tractor.
cleanjokes	nature	pun	general	0	I the shell off a snail yesterday... you'd think it would move faster, but it was really kinda sluggish.
cleanjokes	work-money	pun	general	0	I think I want a job cleaning mirrors... ...it's just something I can see myself doing.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	I thought I had a brain tumor but then I realized it was all in my head.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	I thought about starting a business selling halos... ...but the cost of overheads was too high.
cleanjokes	life	observation	general	0	I thought the dryer shrank my clothes.. turns out it was the refrigerator
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	I tired playing soccer But I couldn't get a kick out of it.
cleanjokes	love	joke	general	0	I told my girlfriend she drew her eyebrows on too high she looked surprised.
cleanjokes	tech	pun	general	0	I tried to change my password to 14days... The computer said it was two week.
cleanjokes	tech	pun	general	0	I try not to spend too much time online... ...but Wi-Fight it?
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	I used to be addicted... to the hokey pokey but I turned myself around (x-post from /r/jokes)
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	I used to work at an orange juice factory... I ended up getting fired because I couldn't concentrate.
cleanjokes	science	pun	general	0	I wanna make a joke about sodium. But Na.
cleanjokes	life	dark	general	0	I want to die peacefully in my sleep, like my grandfather... Unlike the passengers in his car who were screaming and yelling! http://www.thedailyenglishshow.com/friday-joke/98-how-to-die/
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	I wanted to put a pizza joke here ...but it was too saucy.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	I was addicted to the hokey pokey but I turned myself around.
cleanjokes	food	quip	general	0	I was at Redbox, but I didn't know what to watch. I consulted my groceries, and my pizza said, "Keep Frozen."
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	I was driving today... And saw a sign that said, "Steamed Crabs". I began to wonder: "What made them so mad?"
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	I was going to go to a clairvoyants meeting the other day but.... it was cancelled due to unforeseen events.
cleanjokes	tech	pun	general	0	I was gonna make a joke on Reddit.. .. but I guess you've already Reddit somewhere.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	I was thinking of ways to become transgender... So I figured I'd fly to Paris. Because then I'd be abroad.
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	I was walking in the desert and saw a redwood tree. I knew this must be a mirage, so I ran into it. To my dismay, the tree and I collided. I guess it must have been an obstacle illusion.
cleanjokes	faith	pun	general	0	I was watching a TV program on various Religious orders and how the use stringed instruments. I was appalled by the amount of sects and violins!
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	I was wondering why the frisbee was getting bigger. And then it hit me.
cleanjokes	work-money	joke	general	0	I went for a job interview today... The interviewer said to me, What would you say your greatest weakness is? I said, I think Id have to say my listening skills are my greatest strength.
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	I went in to a pet shop and said, Can I buy a goldfish? The guy said, Do you want an aquarium? I said, I dont care what star sign it is.
cleanjokes	love	dark	general	0	I went out with anorexic twins last night... 2 birds, 1 stone
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	I went to a seafood disco last week... ...and pulled a mussel.
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	I went to a shredded cheese convention the other day... it was grate
cleanjokes	life	dark	general	0	I went to an ATM... I was at an ATM this morning and this older lady asked me to help check her balance, so I pushed her over.
cleanjokes	life	observation	general	0	I went to the dermatologist about something on my neck- -and they said I just needed to scrub it!!!
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	I went to the store and asked for a one handed sailor... he said sorry, "I'm a wholesaler."
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	I would make a sparrow joke... But they don't fly very well.
cleanjokes	life	quip	general	0	I would never exaggerate... ...in a million years.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	I would think you'd have to be open minded... ...to be a brain surgeon.
cleanjokes	family	quip	general	0	I'll always remember what my uncle said before he passed on up... "Flying houses? Talking dogs? That movie looks dumb."
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	I'm a social person. I'm friends with 25 letters of the alphabet. I don't know why.
cleanjokes	work-money	pun	general	0	I'm calculating how much it would cost to install lights for a little league baseball field A ballpark estimate would be perfect
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	I'm getting mighty fed up with these sheep-human hybrids! What is with ewe people!?
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	I'm going to stand outside... So if anyone asks, I am outstanding.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	I'm good friends with 25 letters of the alphabet... I don't know why.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	I'm in the terminator musical. I'll be Bach.
cleanjokes	arts	pun	general	0	I'm making a band! I started a band called 999 Megabytes...we havent gotten a gig yet.
cleanjokes	life	quip	general	0	I'm naming my TV remote Waldo... ...for obvious reasons.
cleanjokes	society	pun	general	0	I'm not really sure I'm understanding this financial crisis in Greece... It's all Greek to me.
cleanjokes	science	pun	general	0	I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. I can't put it down.
cleanjokes	arts	pun	general	0	I'm reading a book about anti-gravity... ... It's impossible to put down
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	I'm so sad because my friend is moving to Shanghai. More like Shang-bye.
cleanjokes	life	quip	general	0	I'm tired of people calling America the dumbest country in the world Quite frankly, I think Europe is!
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	I'm very keen I could tell he was bald at the drop of a hat.
cleanjokes	science	pun	general	0	I've just made a meeting site for retired chemists It's called Carbon Dating
cleanjokes	life	observation	general	0	I've won the war! My pants fit! **Congratulations, have you lost weight?** _Even better... I've bought new pants!!!_
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	If April showers bring May flowers, what do May flowers bring? Pilgrims
cleanjokes	work-money	pun	general	0	If I bought a balloon for $0.99 ... How much should I sell it for when I adjust for inflation?
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	If I don't eat all of my food, it goes to waste. If I do eat all of my food, it goes to *waist*.
cleanjokes	work-money	quip	general	0	If I ever fire someone who is a Taylor Swift fan I'll say "I knew you were trouble when you clocked in."
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	If Mr. Bean lost one of his legs he'd be cannellini!
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	If all of Ireland sank, what part of it wouldn't? County Cork
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	If life gives you melons, you might have dyslexia.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	If the house is in the kitchen, and Diana's in the kitchen, what's in Diana? A state (Indiana)
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	If you bury someone in the wrong place then you have made a grave mistake.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	If you ever get cold, just stand in the corner of a room for a while. *They're normally around 90 degrees.*
cleanjokes	life	quip	general	0	If you give a mouse a cookie.. If you give a mouse a cookie.. Why are you giving a mouse any food? That's unsanitary.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	If you have bladder problems. Urine trouble.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	If you walk into the bathroom an American and walk out an American, what are you in the bathroom? European.
cleanjokes	life	quip	general	0	If you're American, when are you not American? When European. Or when you're Russian. Any more? :)
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	If you're not buying kraft mac and cheese you might be buying an impasta.
cleanjokes	arts	joke	general	0	Im trying to get into classical music... ...but I cant find any original recordings. All the music is performed by cover bands.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	In what town lives the mathematician who can only multiply by two? Dublin.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Is it just me... ...or are circles pointless?
cleanjokes	tech	quip	general	0	Is your refrigerator running? Well, you better get glasses, and stop doing drugs
cleanjokes	life	quip	general	0	It's an emergency! I need underwear jokes. My baby sister needs underwear jokes for some mysterious reason. I need your guys help!
cleanjokes	love	pun	general	0	JKLMNOPQRST That's all that stands between U and I :)
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	James Bond went to get a haircut. The barber asked him if he wanted to dye his hair as well. Bond replied "Dye another day."
cleanjokes	faith	pun	general	0	Jesus wrote a play about a tornado. It was an Act of God.
cleanjokes	life	quip	general	0	Joke request Tell me your best joke that includes "July" "fourth" and "fire" Let's see what you've got, Reddit!
cleanjokes	life	quip	general	0	Just found this sub the other day and I've come to this realization... Currently, this subreddit seems to be in quite the pickle.
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	Just heard this on a PBS kids show... What did one wolf say to the other wolf? Howls it going?
cleanjokes	love	pun	general	0	Just went to an emotional wedding Even the cake was in tiers.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Just wrote a book on reverse psychology... Don't read it!
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	KNOCK KNOCK! WHO'S THERE! ***sombrero **** ^sombrero who,,,? *****SOMBRERO-VER THE RAINBOW****
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Kids, I don't know if our ceiling is the best ceiling... ...but it's definitely up there.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Kind of a kid joke What kind of cereal do zombies like? Kellog's All Brain
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Knock Knock Who's there Boo!! Boo who? Don't cry, it's only a joke
cleanjokes	life	quip	general	0	Knock Knock...
cleanjokes	family	joke	general	0	Knock Knock... 1.Knock knock. Whos there? Yoda lady. Yoda lady who? Good job yodeling! 2.Knock knock. Whos there? Well, not your parents, because your parents never knock!
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Knock knock - Who's there? - Impatient cow. - Impatient co- - He already left.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Knock knock -Who's there? Ash -Ash who? Bless you.. P.S. kids love it
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Knock knock Who's there? Abby. Abby who. A bee has stolen my wallet. (I will show my self out)
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Knock knock! **Who's there?** *Tank* **Tank who?** *You're welcome*
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Knock knock. Who's there? A cow. A cow who? Not a cow "who"! A cow moos. An owl says "who".
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Knock knock. Who's there? Doorbell technician.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Knock knock. Who's there? Interrupting cow. Interrup........ MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!! [Works best IRL](/spoiler)
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Knock knock... Who's there? I did up. I did up-who?
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Knock! Knock! Knock! Knock! Whos there? Control Freak. Con Okay, now you say, Control Freak who?
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Knock, Knock... Who's there? Peas. Peas who? *Peas pass the butter*
cleanjokes	society	joke	general	0	Knock, Knock... Who's there? The K.G.B. The K.G.B. wh... **SLAP**! WE are K.G.B., WE will ask questions!!
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Knock-knock... "Knock-knock" "Who's there?" "Control Freak - now you say 'Control Freak who?'" :)
cleanjokes	life	quip	general	0	Last night, I had a dream that I was walking on a white sandy beach... At least that explains the footprints I found in the cat litter box this morning...
cleanjokes	life	observation	general	0	Like most people my age... I'm 27.
cleanjokes	life	dark	general	0	Mary had a little lamb. She's not a vegan anymore.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Math problem: I had 10 chocolate bars and ate 9. What do I have now? "Oh, I do not know, DIABETES MAYBE!"
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Max wondered why the ball was slowly growing larger... and then it hit him.
cleanjokes	life	quip	general	0	Me have great grammar... Me learnt everything I know from Sesame Street!
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	Mints I was eating mint chocolates and I felt sick after eight.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Mom asked if I wanted to race toy cars with my neighbor Chucky. I responded, "Nah, that's child's play."
cleanjokes	work-money	pun	general	0	More retailers should adopt the "Leave A Penny / Take A Penny" system. It is literally, common cents.
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	My "go to" zoo joke I tell this to my wife and kids every time we go to a zoo... Q. What do you get when you cross an elephant with a rhino? A. Elephino
cleanjokes	life	quip	general	0	My Bucket List * ~~Five gallon bucket~~ * ~~Mop bucket~~ * Bucket hat
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	My English teacher got really angry about the format of my essay. It wasn't justified.
cleanjokes	love	quip	general	0	My Girlfriend told me she didn't want anything for Birthday I didn't give her anything :O #ThugLife
cleanjokes	life	quip	general	0	My biggest problem with passive smoking is having to follow the smoker around.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	My brother said he's incontinent. Yeah, he said he's wet his pants in nearly every nation in the world.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	My brother... Likes driving black and white F1 race cars. They call him the F1 racist.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	My buddy said he'd give his right arm to be ambidextrous I can only admire such dedication.
cleanjokes	life	quip	general	0	My buddy says he is the world's worst at self-deprecating humor. he worried once he was too modest. Then realized he was wrong.
cleanjokes	tech	joke	general	0	My buddy the hacker took the quiz "What Beatles song best describes your life." The answer he got: "My Way".
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	My buddy went to a foreign country to get his sex change operation. Now he's a dude who's abroad.
cleanjokes	family	quip	general	0	My dad's not an alcoholic... ...He just collects empty bottles, sounds so much better, doesn't it? ~ Stewart Francis
cleanjokes	family	joke	general	0	My daughter hit me with this one while preparing for dinner Why did the table love playing volleyball? Because it was always getting set! I think she gets it from her mother.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	My dental hygienist retired after working 55 years... All she got was a lousy plaque...
cleanjokes	tech	pun	general	0	My dog chewed up my laptop... I guess he wanted a byte to eat! ^imagine ^this ^in ^zoidberg's ^voice
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	My dog used to chase people on a bike a lot. It got so bad, finally I had to take his bike away.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	My finger became really swollen after I jammed it Friday. And thats how I found out Im allergic to jam.
cleanjokes	work-money	joke	general	0	My first job... My first job out of college was a "diesel fitter" at a pantyhose factory... As they came off the line, I would hold them up and say, "Yep, deez'll fit her!"
cleanjokes	work-money	joke	general	0	My first joke here and an original! Did you hear about the two lawyers who set up shop under the old oak tree? I heard it was a pretty shady business.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	My friend gave me a balloon and told me not to pop it.. but I blew it!
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	My friend says she's doing good but she means well
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	My friend told an out of place joke about police searches. But I don't think it was warranted.
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	My friend's bakery burned down last night. Now his business is toast.
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	My girl asks why I love chocolate so much. Well, I have several Reisens...
cleanjokes	love	joke	general	0	My girlfriend told me she was leaving me because I keep pretending to be a Transformer... I said, No, wait! I can change!
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	My grandma refused to be an organ donor. She was buried with all of her musical instruments.
cleanjokes	family	joke	general	0	My grandpa started walking five miles a day when he was 60... Now hes 97 years old and we have no idea where he is...
cleanjokes	tech	joke	general	0	My laptop is so dumb. Every time it says "Your password is incorrect", I type in: "incorrect" and the silly thing still tells me the same thing.
cleanjokes	life	quip	general	0	My old roommate's bathroom was so dirty- -I had to clean the soap before using it. (Seriously.)
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	My plumber finally quit on me... He couldn't take any more of my crap. Sorry that this isn't a CLEAN joke. Heh
cleanjokes	love	pun	general	0	My relationship is like Monopoly. She gives me too many Chances.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	My shower had a bit of mildew- -but all it took was a little... scrubbing!!!
cleanjokes	family	joke	general	0	My son decided to help me clean the car today. After ten minutes of watching him, I told him to use some elbow grease. Two hours later, the idiot came back and told me that he couldn't find it.
cleanjokes	work-money	joke	general	0	My teacher's nickname in school is Flush. He always has the same suit.
cleanjokes	nature	pun	general	0	My uncle wanted to give all his sheep a sex change... But it entailed too many ramifications!
cleanjokes	tech	quip	general	0	Need help While scratching my ear with key few hours ago, audio on my brand new TV went off. Does anyone know good TV Service. Sh... I think my Laptop sound died too.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Never play poker with a pieces of paper. They're bound to fold.
cleanjokes	science	joke	general	0	Never trust an atom They make up everything
cleanjokes	life	quip	general	0	Never try to kill a termite with a napkin. It'll only get bigger.
cleanjokes	tech	quip	general	0	New Internet acronym: RALSHMICOMN Rolling Around Laughing So Hard Milk Is Coming Out My Nose
cleanjokes	arts	quip	general	0	Nickelback walks into a bar.... So Nickelback walks into a bar, and there is no punchline, because ruining music isn't funny.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	No matter how much you push the envelope... ...it's still stationery.
cleanjokes	life	quip	general	0	No matter what anyone said, I was never going to take the stand. It's 1000 pages, for Pete's sake!
cleanjokes	faith	pun	general	0	Noah wasn't much for civilized society . . . You could say he was an-arc-ist.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Note for Santa Dear Santa, Please give me a big fat bank account and a slim body. Please don't mix those two up like you did last year. Thanks.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Old Chinese proverb: Man who not shower in 7 days makes one reek.
cleanjokes	arts	observation	general	0	Old game show bloopers...I miss this kind of humor today Found this video randomly http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xv3gK2bmkAk&amp;feature=related
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	One Eskimo said to the other, "Where is your mother from?" The second Eskimo says "Alaska."
cleanjokes	life	quip	general	0	One fifth of people... ...are just too tense!
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	One potato asks another: -"Are you sure we are related?" -"Yes I yam!"
cleanjokes	life	observation	general	0	One time we ran out of soap- -so we had to use hand sanitizer!!!
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	One time, a cow saved my life It was bovine intervention.
cleanjokes	science	joke	general	0	Original physics joke. I'm very proud. I was organizing my desk the other day and the Entropy Police gave me a ticket for disturbing the chaos.
cleanjokes	life	dark	general	0	Other uses for chloroform 1) A great conversational piece when talking to the cops about using it 2) Make the day go by faster 3) And finally, as a reagent.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Overheard: Augustus Caesar on New Year's Day: "I keep writing 'B.C.' on all my checks."
cleanjokes	science	pun	general	0	Overheated some milk in a lab experiment today... ...and asked the teacher if it would affect the result. Her response? "To a degree."
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Pac-Man What should you do before you criticize Pac-Man? WAKA WAKA WAKA mile in his shoes.
cleanjokes	tech	quip	general	0	Passwords 123456 abcdef Password
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	People dont like having to bend over to get their drinks... We really need to raise the bar.
cleanjokes	love	pun	general	0	Pick up line for a Shakespeare lover. How now brown chicken brown cow?
cleanjokes	tech	pun	general	0	Programmers tend to byte their food
cleanjokes	tech	pun	general	0	Q) What do you call a group of 8 rabbits? A) Rabbyte!
cleanjokes	family	joke	general	0	Q)What will you call a person who sleeps next to a close relative? A) NapKin
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Q: What do you call a deer with no eyes? A: No eye deer (No idea) Q: What do you call a quadriplegic deer with no eyes? A: Still, no eye deer. (Still no idea)
cleanjokes	life	observation	general	0	Reinventing Yourself http://dryinginside.blogspot.com/2012/10/reinventing-yourself-doesnt-always-work.html
cleanjokes	life	quip	general	0	Request: Jokes for the sick? I have a good friend who was just hospitalized, hopefully nothing too serious. I'd love to send him a few short, clean jokes to cheer him up. Thanks!
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Saitama tried to change his Facebook password to Goku but Facebook said it was too weak...
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Santa keeps his suits in the clauset.
cleanjokes	love	joke	general	0	Says she: "Say something soft and sweet" Says he: "Marshmallow."
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Scary Halloween Joke **Person 1:** Knock knock! **Person 2:** Who's there? **Person 1:** A GHOST!!!
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Schooner or later, sailors... ...engage in rudder nonsense.
cleanjokes	science	quip	general	0	Science Jokes Thread on AskReddit! For your amusement: http://en.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/1auxsf/what_are_some_funny_scientific_jokes_that_you_know/
cleanjokes	science	joke	general	0	Science joke The bartender says "we don't serve your kind here" He orders a drink A Tachyon walks into a bar Who wants to hear a Tachyon joke?
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Seven days without a joke makes one weak.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Shall I tell you the joke about the body snatchers? Best not, you might get carried away.
cleanjokes	life	quip	general	0	Shout out to... ...baseball players who have three strikes.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	So I was feeling down the other day... My friend wanted to cheer me up, so he told me 10 jokes to make me feel better. Unfortunately, no pun in ten did.
cleanjokes	work-money	pun	general	0	So I work in a Steak House and all the people there are really lazy So I must say after working there: That it's rare to see a job well done
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	So a polar bear walks into a bar... and says, "I'll have a gin.....and tonic" The bartender says, "What's with the big pause?" And the polar bear says, "Oh, I've always had them."
cleanjokes	nature	quip	general	0	So today is Earth day on what grounds are we celebrating?
cleanjokes	arts	pun	general	0	So today is Star Wars day May the fourth be with you!
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	So, I have this new knock knock joke You start... (when you get it)
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	So, a guy gave his friend 10 puns, hoping that one of them would make him laugh. Sadly, no pun in ten did.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Soap addiction I used to be addicted to soap. But I'm clean now!!
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Some people have trouble sleeping... ...but I can do it with my eyes closed...
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Someone dropped their Scrabble in the middle of the road... ...that's the word on the street anyway.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Someone sly sheared sleeping sheep. Talk about shear terror.
cleanjokes	society	quip	general	0	Someone talked to me today about having two X chromosomes. Typical woman.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Sports: So how's the shoestring game goin'? Right now, it's ***ALL TIED-UP!*** Oh my-oh-my! I couldn't find a cornylamejokes subreddit, so... ~Skip
cleanjokes	tech	joke	general	0	Starcraft: Why did the marine vote for the dragoon? He was Protoss
cleanjokes	arts	joke	general	0	Superman and Eyore had a baby. The baby's name? Supereyore
cleanjokes	life	observation	general	0	TV playback craziness [Through the eyes of Adrienne Hedger](https://www.facebook.com/HedgerHumor/photos/pb.630201143662377.-2207520000.1443863939./1179935295355623/?type=3&amp;theater). :)
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	Tasted the best Borscht ever! It'll be hard to beet.
cleanjokes	faith	joke	general	0	The Dalai Lama walks into a pizza store... and says, "Can you make me one with everything?"
cleanjokes	tech	observation	general	0	The Fine Bros. 'React' announcement was like a television with no antenna. Poor reception.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	The Great Yarn Race **Joe:** Did you hear about the great yarn race? **Jane:** No. Who won? **Joe:** Well, they had to weave their selves through the obstacles and in the end, it was a tie.
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	The cheesiest joke ever. "I don't feel grate." -- Block of Cheese before it got shredded.
cleanjokes	food	joke	general	0	The fast food restaurant for babies. "Welcome to Gerber King, may I take your order?"
cleanjokes	life	quip	general	0	The hairdresser's oath First, harm no 'do...
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	The hole in the boat So two guys steal a boat and get drunk. Kane of them goes "Hey, there is a hole in this boat". The other says "don't worry it's not ours".
cleanjokes	society	quip	general	0	The joke of 2016 Trump
cleanjokes	love	pun	general	0	The other day, I sent my girlfriend a huge pile of snow... I called her up and asked, ''Did you get my drift?''
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	The other day, I was looking through my socks, when I found one had a hole in it... "darn it..." I muttered.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	The pollen count that's a difficult job! [Credit to Milton Jones]
cleanjokes	faith	pun	general	0	The preacher today used Star Wars as a sermon illustration. I felt it was a little forced.
cleanjokes	faith	quip	general	0	The reason angels can fly... ...is that they take themselves lightly. **G. K. Chesterton**
cleanjokes	science	joke	general	0	The scientists a scientist went to a remote island with a dog in order to teach his speaking. Three years later, the scientist returns, and is asked about his experiment; he replied "woof, woof, woof"
cleanjokes	food	joke	general	0	The signature dish of a restaurant called the Twisted Rooster: Mobius Chicken Strips.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	The three unwritten rules of /r/cleanjokes are: 1. 2. 3.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	The victim's body was found in the kitchen surrounded by eight empty boxes of cornflakes. Police suspect it was the work of a serial killer.
cleanjokes	tech	joke	general	0	There are 10 types of people in the world. Those who understand binary code and those who do not.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	There are three types of people in this world. Those who can count and those who can't.
cleanjokes	life	quip	general	0	There are two types of people in this world 1. Those who can extrapolate from incomplete data
cleanjokes	nature	pun	general	0	There is a special species of bird that is really good at holding stuff together... They're called velcrows.
cleanjokes	life	verse	general	0	There once was a girl from Nantucket... Who carried her ice in a bucket. She walked down a hill. She had a great spill. And when she got up, she said, "I'm going to watch my step next time!"
cleanjokes	life	dark	general	0	There once was a jealous zombie... But he ate his heart out.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	There was a depressed sausage... he thought his life was THE WURST.
cleanjokes	life	pun	edgy	1	There were two flies sitting on a toilet seat... one got pissed off.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	There were two snowmen standing in a field, one says to the other... Can you smell Carrots?
cleanjokes	tech	joke	general	0	There's 10 kind of people in the world. Those who know binary and those who don't.
cleanjokes	faith	pun	general	0	There's a TV channel where you can buy all the Pope's speeches It's called "Papal View".
cleanjokes	life	observation	general	0	There's a guy at the office today wearing full camo. At least I think so... I haven't seen him in a while.
cleanjokes	arts	pun	general	0	There's a wreath hanging on my door with hundred dollar bills attached. I call it an Aretha Franklin. c
cleanjokes	science	pun	general	0	There's only one problem with reading articles about space based technology It all goes waaaay over my head.
cleanjokes	life	dark	general	0	They laughed when I said I wanted to be a comedian. Well, no ones laughing now.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	They told me I had type "A" blood... turns out it was a typo.
cleanjokes	life	quip	general	0	This Post just says it all! It all.
cleanjokes	arts	pun	general	0	This boy said he was going to hit me with the neck of a guitar.... I said, Is that a fret?
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	This dermatologist waits a month to diagnose a skin disorder... She's reluctant to make a rash decision.
cleanjokes	life	quip	general	0	This is 2 girls with 1 cup. [A.K.A. Friends At (a) Cafe Bar](http://www.gettyimages.com/detail/photo/friends-at-cafe-bar-high-res-stock-photography/156534295)
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	This is an X and Z conversation... Y are you in the middle?
cleanjokes	nature	pun	general	0	This mallard waddled into a bar... Should've ducked.
cleanjokes	life	observation	general	0	This summer I'm going to go to the beach and bury metal objects that say, 'Get a life' on them. Demetri Martin
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Three drums and a cymbal rolled down a hill ba dum dum ching
cleanjokes	food	joke	general	0	Three tomatoes are walking down the street... A papa tomato, a mama tomato, and a baby tomato. The baby tomato starts falling behind so the papa tomato squishes him and says, Ketchup!
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Time flies like the wind. Fruit flies like... bananas!
cleanjokes	tech	pun	general	0	Today I brought a computer back from the dead. I've decided that this makes me a techromancer.
cleanjokes	life	quip	general	0	Today I'm 45. But with the wind chill I feel like 32.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Today a man knocked on my door and asked for a small donation towards the local swimming pool. I gave him a glass of water.
cleanjokes	life	quip	general	0	Today's my cake day! And I'm going to eat it too!
cleanjokes	love	dark	general	0	Today, the doctor told me that the bottom of my heart has stopped functioning. My girlfriend will be disappointed; that's the part I loved her from.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Two antennas met on a roof . . . Two antennas met on a roof, they fell in love and got married, the ceremony was awful but the reception was brilliant.
cleanjokes	arts	pun	general	0	Two artists had an art contest... It ended in a draw
cleanjokes	science	joke	general	0	Two atoms walk into a bar... One says, "Oh no, I've lost an electron." The other asks, "Are you sure?" "Yeah, I'm positive!"
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Two balloons are floating across the desert One balloon says to the other, Look out for the cactussssssssssssssssssss!
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	Two birds are sitting on a perch. One bird says to the other, "Do you smell fish?"
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Two bookworms were having a dispute... ...across an open book until one bookworm moves closer to the other and says, "well then, I'm glad we're on the same page."
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Two chimps are in the bath One says "ooh oooh eek eek" The other one says "well put some cold water in then!"
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Two competing podiatrists opened offices next door to each other... They were arch enemies. Edit: Spelling
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	Two dogs are going on a walk down the street They walk past a few parking meters and one dog says to the other, "Hey, check it out! Pay toilets!"
cleanjokes	arts	joke	general	0	Two drums and a cymbal fall off a cliff. Buh dum tss!
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Two drums and a cymbal fall off a cliff... ba-dum tss
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Two fish are in a tank... Two fish are in a tank... First one says: I'll drive! Second one says: "I'll man the guns!"
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Two fish in a tank Fish 1:Uh, Greg? Fish 2:What Fish 1:How do we drive this thing
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Two fish in a tank. [x-post from r/Jokes] One asks: How do you drive this thing?
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Two guys walk into a bar... the third one ducks.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Two horses are standing in a field. "I'm so hungry I could eat a horse" Says the first. "Moo!" says the second
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	Two peanuts were walking down the street.... And one of them was assaulted
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Two pretzels.. Two pretzels went walking down the street, one was "assaulted"
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Two silk worms had a race. They ended up in a tie.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Two wrongs don't make a right... but three lefts make a right. And two Wrights make a plane 6 lefts make a plane.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Velcro What a rip off. Joke by Tim Vine.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	WHAT is Bruce Lee's favorite drink? WAH TAHH!!!!
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Wanna hear a construction joke? I'm working on it.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Wanna hear a dirty joke? A white horse fell in a mud puddle.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Wanna hear a dirty joke? A white horse fell in the mud.
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	Wanna hear a dirty joke? Two white stallions fell in the mud.
cleanjokes	science	pun	general	0	Wanna hear a joke about Nitric Oxide ? NO
cleanjokes	work-money	joke	general	0	Wanna hear a joke about unemployed people? Nevermind, they don't work.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Wanna hear two short jokes and a long joke? Joke joke jooooke!
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Want to hear a clean Joke? Johnny took a bath with bubbles. Want to hear a dirty one? Bubbles is a man
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Want to hear a dirty joke? This boy trips and falls into some mud.
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	Want to hear a joke about a crappy restaurant? Nevermind, I'm afraid it may be in poor taste.
cleanjokes	food	joke	general	0	Want to hear a joke about pizza? Never mind it is too cheesy.
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	Want to hear a joke about pizza? Never mind, it's probably too cheesy.
cleanjokes	life	dark	general	0	Wash the alligator clips with rubbing alcohol during flu season Protect yourself from catching a terminal illness.
cleanjokes	life	observation	general	0	We always bought our cars used, this one was as black as the night- -that is, until we washed it!!!
cleanjokes	science	joke	general	0	We don't allow faster-than-light neutrinos in here, says the bartender. A neutrino walks into a bar.
cleanjokes	food	observation	general	0	We now have TWO Wawa's by the interstate. The one on the east side of I4 is not so bad. But the other one, whoa. It's the Wawa West over there.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What Did Delaware? A brand New Jersey!
cleanjokes	arts	observation	general	0	What Johnny Mercer song does December 21st remind you of? Autumn Leaves.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What Time Do You Go To The Dentist? Tooth - Hurty! XD
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	What age were pigs discovered in? The Saus Age.
cleanjokes	nature	pun	general	0	What animal is best at hitting a baseball? A bat!
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	What are caterpillars afraid of? DOGerpillars!
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	What are twins favorite fruits? Pears
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What are two doctors with colds An ironic Paradox.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What begins with E, ends with E, and has one letter? envelope
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What bird can write underwater? A ball-point Penguin!
cleanjokes	nature	pun	general	0	What cars do cows drive? Cattleacs
cleanjokes	nature	pun	general	0	What cars do wolves drive? Auuuuuuuuuuuuudis!
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What celebrity never payed with a cheque or credit? Johnny Cash.
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	What cheese do you use to get a bear out of a tree? Camembert!
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	What city loves to eat sandwiches? Koldcutta
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What colour T-shirt would win a race? Red, because it runs the most.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What concert tickets should cost $0.45? 50 cent feat. Nickelback :P
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	What di you call a snowman in may? A puddle!
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What did 0 say to 8? Nice belt!
cleanjokes	arts	pun	general	0	What did Arnold Schwarzenegger say upon being asked to star in a Broadway production about the world's greatest composers? I'll be Bach. Sorry.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What did Captain Ahab say when he harpooned a whale's tail fin on the first try? "Well that was a fluke."
cleanjokes	science	joke	general	0	What did Cholera say to Malaria? Are you gonna Jaundice on Saturday?
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What did Cinderella say while waiting for her photos? Someday my prints will come
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What did Descartes say while shopping online? I think therefore I Amazon
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What did Ernie say to Bert when he asked for ice-cream? Sure, Bert!
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What did Sean Connery say when his books fell on his head? I blame my shelf
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What did Tennessee? What Arkansas.
cleanjokes	arts	joke	general	0	What did Vincent van Gogh call himself when he joined the Justice League? The Starry Knight
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What did Virginia get when she walked into the pet shop? (state joke) A New Hampshire
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	What did aged mother cheddar say to her son the day of school photos? Looking sharp.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What did batman say to robin before robin got in the car? get in the car
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What did daddy fish do when mommy fish got herself lost? ...He flounder
cleanjokes	science	joke	general	0	What did earth say to the other planets? You guys have no life!
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What did fish say when she hit the wall ? Dam(n) !!!
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	What did music tell the pancakes? B flat.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What did one casket say to the other? "Is that you coffin?"
cleanjokes	tech	pun	general	0	What did one computer CPU say to the other after getting hit? Ow! That megahertz!
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What did one dry erase marker say to the other? I'm bored! (As in board) Another one from my 9 year-old.
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	What did one duck say to the other? Quack!
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	What did one earthquake say to the other? Hey, it's not my fault.
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	What did one frog say to the other frog? Time's fun when you're having flies.
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	What did one frog say to the other? Time's fun when you're having flies.
cleanjokes	science	pun	general	0	What did one math book say to the other math book? We've got a lot of problems.
cleanjokes	science	pun	general	0	What did one math book say to the other? Don't bother me; I've got my own *problems!*
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What did one nose say when the other nose said "I love you"? "Back achoo!"
cleanjokes	nature	pun	general	0	What did one ocean say to the other ocean? Nothing, they just waved.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What did one ocean say to the other? Nothing, they just waved.
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	What did one octopus say to the other octopus? Will you hold my hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand?
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	What did one slice of bread say to the other at the end of a game of chess? "It's stale, mate."
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	What did one snowman say to the other snowman? 'Do you smell carrots?'
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	What did one snowman say to the other? Do you smell carrots?
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What did one wall say to the other wall? I`ll meet you at the corner.
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	What did papa butter say to troublesome son butter? You had *butter* behave now, alright son? I sure know you don't want to get *whipped*!
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What did the 0 say to the 8? ... Hey, nice belt..
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What did the 0 say to the 8? Let's make a snowman!
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What did the 0 say to the 8? Nice belt.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What did the 8 say to the 0? Hey, fatty
cleanjokes	society	joke	general	0	What did the American call Karl Marx when a shrine was dedicated to him in Japan? A Kami.
cleanjokes	faith	joke	general	0	What did the Buddhist say to the hotdog vendor? Make me one with everything.
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	What did the Buffalo say when his child left for college? Bison
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What did the Estonian student say in language class? I'll never Finnish. *dodges tomato*
cleanjokes	society	pun	general	0	What did the German air force eat for breakfast during WW2? Luftwaffles
cleanjokes	science	pun	general	0	What did the German physicist use to drink his beer? Ein stein.
cleanjokes	life	joke	nsfw	1	What did the German policeman say to his nipples? You are under a vest!
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What did the Hungarian say to the annoying kid? "You're nothing budapest!"
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What did the O say to the 8? Nice belt.
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	What did the Pelican say to the fish when he was running late for work? I'll catch you later!
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What did the Tin Man say when he got run over by a steamroller? Curses! Foil again!
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What did the Triangle say to the Circle? "Your life is pointless."
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What did the amazed Kazakhstani say? That's Astana-shing
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What did the apple say to the pear? [Man, go] away!
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What did the bartender say to the jumper cables? You better not try to start anything.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What did the blonde do when she discovered that most accidents happen within a mile from home? She moved.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What did the blue denims say to the black denims? I guess we have different genes! *knee slap* ... I'll see myself to the door
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What did the buffalo say to his son when he left for college? Bison
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	What did the bunny say to the frog? [My name is Rabbit, not ribbit!!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CYkDxsaHlkg)
cleanjokes	food	joke	general	0	What did the butcher say when he handed his customer an empty pack of hotdogs on halloween? Happy halloweenie
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What did the closed can say to the half opened can? YOU'RE BEING UNCANNY!
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	What did the corn say when it was complemented? Aww, shucks!
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What did the cow say when it saw the farmer twice in one day? Deja Moo!
cleanjokes	love	joke	general	0	What did the creepy scientist say to his new creepy wife? Let's grow MOLD together!
cleanjokes	nature	pun	general	0	What did the dad buffalo say when his offspring left for college? Bison
cleanjokes	tech	joke	general	0	What did the digital clock say to the grandfather clock? "Look grandpa, no hands!"
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	What did the elephant say to the horn-less rhino? "Rhino horn?"
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What did the eye say to the other eye? Something smells between us.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What did the famous musician say the moment he was born? *I'LL BE BACH*
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What did the farmer say when he lost his tractor? Where's my tractor?
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What did the figurine say when the boot flew past her protective dome? "That was a cloche call!"
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What did the fish say before he hit the wall? Oh, Dam.
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	What did the fish say when it hit the concrete wall? Dam
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	What did the fish say when it hit the wall? Dam.
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	What did the fish say when it ran into the wall? Dam
cleanjokes	nature	pun	general	0	What did the fish say when it swam into the wall? Dam.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What did the flat iron say to the follicle? Now let me get this straight . . .
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What did the floor say to the desk? I can see your drawers!
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	What did the french butter say when it got stocked in the cooler? Beurre... I came up with this today while grocery shopping. I'm ridiculously pleased with myself.
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	What did the grape say when it got stepped on? Nothing, it just gave a little wine
cleanjokes	food	joke	general	0	What did the green grape say to the purple grape? "Breathe you idiot! Breathe!"
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What did the green grape say to the purple grape? - "Breathe, stupid!"
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What did the green light say to the red light? I love you, but I'm sick of yellow light always breaking us up.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What did the hammer say to the drill? You're too boring.
cleanjokes	food	joke	general	0	What did the horse order at the bar? Chardaneiiiiiiggghhhhh
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What did the horse say when he fell over? "Help! I've fallen and I can't giddy up."
cleanjokes	food	joke	general	0	What did the host serve his guests for The Simpsons marathon night? Disco Stew!
cleanjokes	food	joke	general	0	What did the hot dogs name their child? Frank
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What did the judge ask when he went to the dentist? Do you swear to pull the tooth, the whole tooth and nothing but the tooth?
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What did the knob say to the door? I LOCK you a lot! yep, its corny, indeed, but... I'm tryin'! ~Skip
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What did the koala bear say to the barber? You ca-lip this?
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What did the lazy surgeon say to his patient? Suture self!
cleanjokes	nature	pun	general	0	What did the llama say when asked to a picnic? Alpaca lunch!
cleanjokes	work-money	joke	general	0	What did the mailman say when his Mail truck caught fire? That he needed to address the situation
cleanjokes	nature	pun	general	0	What did the mama cow say to the baby cow? (x-post from /r/3amjokes) [It's pasture bedtime!](http://www.reddit.com/r/3amjokes/comments/1y8d67/what_did_the_mama_cow_say_to_the_baby_cow/)
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	What did the mama pig give her baby pig for its rash? ***OINKMENT!*** &gt; (This exchange that I found on /r/tumblr makes this joke even funnier to me: &gt; http://i.imgur.com/EzT0Bkd.jpg)
cleanjokes	food	joke	general	0	What did the mom say to her son when he said he didn't want any of her flippin' pancakes? Fine. They will just be burnt on one side.
cleanjokes	science	joke	general	0	What did the neutrino say to the planet? Just passing through
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What did the number zero say to the number eight? "Nice belt."
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What did the one wall say to the other wall? "Meet you at the corner"
cleanjokes	work-money	joke	general	0	What did the owner of a brownie factory say when his factory caught fire? "I'm getting the fudge outta here!"
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	What did the owner of the Indian restaurant say when he burned all of his bread? "Don't worry, it's a naan issue."
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What did the pebble say to the rock? I wish I was a little boulder!
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What did the picture say to the Judge? I WAS FRAMED! I just now made that up. I feel good about this one! ~Skip
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What did the pilot say when his plane wasn't flying? "Aw man, that's a drag."
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What did the pony say when he had a sore throat? Pardon me, I'm just a little hoarse.
cleanjokes	faith	pun	general	0	What did the priest say when watering his garden? Let us spray.
cleanjokes	work-money	pun	general	0	What did the rubber band factory worker say when he was fired? Oh snap!
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	What did the slab of meat say when it was covered in salt and left out to dry? "I'm cured!"
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What did the space between two tiles say? I AM GROUT
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What did the tailpipe say to the muffler? I'm exhausted. What did the muffler say back? ^mmmmbfmbm
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What did the three holes in the ground say? Well, well, well My grandpa's favorite joke. Took me five years to get it.
cleanjokes	life	quip	general	0	What did the topic sentence say to the evidence? Why aren't you supporting me?
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What did the traffic light say to the car? Don't look at me I'm changing.
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	What did the turkey say to the turkey hunter? "Quack, quack, quack."
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What did the wall ask the picture? (All together now!) ***"How's it hangin'?"*** ~Skip
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	What did they call the Pillsbury Doughboy after he hurt his leg? Limp Biscuit
cleanjokes	faith	joke	general	0	What do Catholics and guitar players have in common? Neither of them practice.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do Egyptians do when their mass transit breaks down? Get Anubis.
cleanjokes	work-money	joke	general	0	What do Engineers use as birth control? Their Personality.
cleanjokes	food	observation	general	0	What do beef hearts smell like? Honey.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do call a horse that lives near you? A naybor
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	What do call a horse that lives near you? A neighbor (naybor for pessimist horses)
cleanjokes	nature	pun	general	0	What do caves have? Echosystems. From my 9 year-old.
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	What do cows do for fun? They go to the mooooo-vies.
cleanjokes	food	joke	general	0	What do cows like on their hotdogs? MOOstard.
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	What do cows like to put on their hot dogs? moostard
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	What do ducks do at Christmas time? They duckerate cookies.
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	What do dwarves use to cut their pizza? Little Caesars
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	What do fish smoke? Seaweed!
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What do fish think about air? It's UN-B-REATHABLE!
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do gamers plant in their garden? Skill trees! **Dances wildly with top hat and cane**
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What do get when you cross 50 female pigs with 50 male deer? One hundred sows and bucks?
cleanjokes	food	joke	general	0	What do kids eat for breakfast? Yogoat!
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do lawyers wear to court? Lawsuits.
cleanjokes	tech	joke	general	0	What do mathematicians get if they stare at the roots of negative numbers for too long? Square eyes
cleanjokes	nature	pun	general	0	What do sea monsters eat? Fish and ships.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do the French call artificial feet for cats? Faux Paws
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do they call a monastery key that opens all doors? Monk key
cleanjokes	food	joke	general	0	What do vegan zombies eat? GRAAAAINS
cleanjokes	food	joke	general	0	What do vegan zombies eat? GRAAAIIINSSS!
cleanjokes	food	joke	general	0	What do vegan zombies eat? Graaaaains!
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What do vegetarian zombies eat? Graaaaaaiiiins......
cleanjokes	nature	pun	general	0	What do you cal a bear with extreme mood swings? A bi-polar bear.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you call 99 bunnies walking forward and they take one step backwards? A receding hare line.
cleanjokes	faith	pun	general	0	What do you call Batman skipping church? Christian Bail.
cleanjokes	faith	pun	general	0	What do you call Protestants who want to save a dime? Econoclasts.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you call Washington State after a long rain storm? Washed a Ton State. I woke up with that joke in my head this morning. My brain is weird. Had to share it with someone.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What do you call a Frenchman in sandals? Philippe Philoppe.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What do you call a Jihadist that loves turkey? A Tryptophanatic.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you call a Macho Man Randy Savage that does not belong to you? &gt;Nacho Man Randy Savage!!!!! this is my original content!!!!
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What do you call a Mexican with a rubber toe? Rubber-Toe! (Roberto)
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What do you call a Mexican with crazy intentions? A locomotive!
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you call a Moroccan candy distributor? Fez dispenser.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What do you call a Romanian grocery clerk? Scanthesku
cleanjokes	nature	pun	general	0	What do you call a alligator in a vest? Investigator.
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	What do you call a bald porcupine? Pointless!
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you call a barbarian you can't see? an Invisigoth.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What do you call a bear with no teeth? *A gummy bear.*
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What do you call a bee from the wrong side of town? A bumblegee
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	What do you call a big pile of kittens? A meowtain.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What do you call a black and white bird that can't win, nor fly. A peng-lose.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you call a blind deer? No-eye deer. What do you call a blind deer with no legs? *Still* no-eye deer.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What do you call a blind, legless buck? No eye-deer. EDIT: I totally messed this joke up. Please give me another chance with another joke?
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What do you call a boomerang that doesn't come back? A Stick
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you call a boomerang that doesn't come back? pt 2 A boomer-WRONG!
cleanjokes	nature	pun	general	0	What do you call a bug that can't talk? A hoarse fly.
cleanjokes	nature	pun	general	0	What do you call a bulimic tree? Sycamore.
cleanjokes	nature	pun	general	0	What do you call a bunch of Asian bears roaring? Panda-monium.
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	What do you call a burial chamber full of Moose? Moosoleum.
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	What do you call a camel in Alaska? Lost.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you call a camel with 3 humps? Humphrey. (I was told this joke by an actual dad, it was his response to one of my jokes)
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you call a car that eats other cars? A carnivore.
cleanjokes	science	pun	general	0	What do you call a cashew in space? An astronut.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you call a cavator that isnt a cavator anymore? an EXcavator
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	What do you call a chef who's stingy with herbs? PARSLEYMONIOUS
cleanjokes	food	joke	edgy	1	What do you call a chicken crossed with a cow? Cock-a-doodle-moo!
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you call a con-artist who minored in psychology? Sigmund Fraud
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you call a cow jumping over a barbed wire fence? Utter destruction! !!!!
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What do you call a cow that doesn't give milk? A Milk Dud.
cleanjokes	nature	pun	general	0	What do you call a cow that just gave birth? Decaffeinated
cleanjokes	food	joke	general	0	What do you call a cow with 2 legs? Lean beef.
cleanjokes	food	joke	general	0	What do you call a cow with a twitch? Beef jerky
cleanjokes	food	joke	general	0	What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef!
cleanjokes	food	joke	general	0	What do you call a cow with one leg? Steak.
cleanjokes	food	joke	general	0	What do you call a cow with only two legs? Lean Beef!
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	What do you call a cow with three legs? Tri-tip.
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	What do you call a cross between a gorilla and a monkey? A cross.
cleanjokes	nature	pun	general	0	What do you call a dead fly? a flew
cleanjokes	nature	pun	general	0	What do you call a deep-sea diving dog? Scuba - Doo!
cleanjokes	science	pun	general	0	What do you call a dinosaur FBI agent? A pteredacted.
cleanjokes	tech	pun	general	0	What do you call a discounted Zuckerberg? Marked down!
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you call a dog in a diving bell? A sub-woofer
cleanjokes	life	dark	general	0	What do you call a dog with no legs? Don't bother, he's not coming.
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	What do you call a dog with no legs? It doesn't matter what you call it, it won't come.
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	What do you call a fake noodle? An Impasta
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you call a fat psychic? A four chin teller.
cleanjokes	family	pun	general	0	What do you call a father who was kidnapped in Iraq? A Baghdad.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you call a fear of horned bovines? Aurochnophobia.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you call a fish that operates on brains? A brain sturgeon.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What do you call a fish who works for the government? An Official.
cleanjokes	nature	pun	general	0	What do you call a fish with no eye? fsh
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	What do you call a fish with no eyes? ....a fssshhh...
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	What do you call a fish with no eyes? A fsh
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you call a flower in Florida? Orlando Bloom.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What do you call a fly with no wings? A walk.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you call a group of Combi's? A Combi nation!
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you call a group of Geometry classes? A geomeforest.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you call a group of people standing in the arctic circle? A Finnish line.
cleanjokes	tech	joke	general	0	What do you call a group of security guards in front of a Samsung store? Guardians of the Galaxy.
cleanjokes	nature	pun	general	0	What do you call a happy penguin? A pengrin!
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you call a lion in the circus. A Carny-vore
cleanjokes	food	joke	general	0	What do you call a loaf baked in a zoo? Bread in captivity.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What do you call a man with his big toe above his shin? Tony
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What do you call a midget psychic that broke out of prison? A small medium at large!
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you call a midget psychic who just escaped from prison? A small medium at large
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What do you call a monk that operates a door unlocking service? A monkey. (p.s. I have a wonderful, terrible love for bad jokes)
cleanjokes	society	pun	general	0	What do you call a native american cook a sioux chef
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What do you call a noisy Chinese dog? How-Ling (my dad wanted me to post this)
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What do you call a nose without a body? Nobody knows...
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	What do you call a nosey pepper? Jalapeno Business
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you call a number that cant keep still? A roamin numeral.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you call a one-eyed dinosaur? Doyouthinkhesarus (Credit goes to whoever submitted that to the Coffee News)
cleanjokes	nature	pun	general	0	What do you call a pachyderm that doesn't matter? Irrelephant.
cleanjokes	nature	pun	general	0	What do you call a pachyderm that sings jazz? Elephants Gerald
cleanjokes	nature	pun	general	0	What do you call a parade of rabbits hopping backwards? A receding hare-line.
cleanjokes	nature	pun	general	0	What do you call a penguin with a smoking problem? It's a puffin!
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you call a person who farts in private? A private tutor
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	What do you call a pig that does karate? *A pork chop.*
cleanjokes	nature	pun	general	0	What do you call a pile of dogs? A ruff terrain.
cleanjokes	nature	pun	general	0	What do you call a pile of kittens? A meowtin
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you call a plastic sheep? Lambinated!
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What do you call a productive Asian? China get something done.
cleanjokes	nature	pun	general	0	What do you call a race ran by female horses? A mare-a-thon.
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	What do you call a race run by baristas? A **decaf**alon
cleanjokes	food	joke	general	0	What do you call a sheep covered in chocolate? A candy baa
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	What do you call a sheep with no legs? A cloud.
cleanjokes	tech	pun	general	0	What do you call a singing laptop? A Dell
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	What do you call a sleeping dinosaur? A dino-snore.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you call a slice of bread from another country? An immigraint.
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	What do you call a smart pig? Swinestein.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you call a social media platform designed for religious people who also have speech impediments? Faithbook
cleanjokes	nature	pun	general	0	What do you call a spider with no legs? A raisin
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	What do you call a stegosaurus with carrots in its ears? Anything you want to - it can't here you!
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	What do you call a t-shirt with stalks of wheat on it? A crop top!
cleanjokes	tech	pun	general	0	What do you call a truthful piece of paper? Fax.
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	What do you call a ubiquitous spud? A common-tater!
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	What do you call a vegetarian? A hopeless romaine-tic
cleanjokes	faith	joke	general	0	What do you call a very religious person who sleep walks? A Roman Catholic.
cleanjokes	society	joke	general	0	What do you call a white supremacist who doesn't eat meat? A vegitaryan
cleanjokes	love	pun	general	0	What do you call a woman on a cruise ship in Mexico using the diving board at the pool? A broad abroad on a board aboard.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you call a woman with one leg? Eileen
cleanjokes	tech	pun	general	0	What do you call an Autobot who works in an overpriced makeup store at the mall ? Ulta Magnus!
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you call an Egyptian bone-setter? Cairo-practor.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you call an Egyptian doctor who works on peoples backs? A Cairopractor!
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What do you call an Italian guy with a rubber toe? Roberto
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What do you call an Italian romance novel model who's let himself go? Flabio
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you call an alien in a swamp? A MARSHian
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What do you call an alligator in a vest? An investigator
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What do you call an alligator with a vest? An Investigator!
cleanjokes	nature	pun	general	0	What do you call an animal that goes through your trash and tells great stories? A raccoonteur.
cleanjokes	nature	pun	general	0	What do you call an antelope that wants a big wedding? Cantelope
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What do you call an arcade in eastern europe? czech-e-cheese
cleanjokes	faith	pun	general	0	What do you call an atheist bone? A blasfemur.
cleanjokes	work-money	pun	general	0	What do you call an economics lecturer? Prof. it
cleanjokes	work-money	pun	general	0	What do you call an economist at an amusement park who is just sitting around? A lazy fair goer!
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What do you call an elephant with a poor memory? A bold and innovative departure from the hackneyed stereotypes that all too often dominate the joke-telling industry.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you call an imaginary color? A pigment of your imagination.
cleanjokes	work-money	pun	general	0	What do you call an obese psychic that works at a bank? A four chin teller
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you call an old fruit-picker in Wisconsin? Cherry-atric
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you call an old soldier who has been sprinkled in salt and pepper? A seasoned veteran.
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	What do you call beef that's been burned? A mis-steak.
cleanjokes	food	joke	general	0	What do you call cheese that is by itself? Provolone
cleanjokes	food	joke	general	0	What do you call cheese that isn't yours? Nacho cheese!
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	What do you call coffee made from coal? Tarbucks.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you call fake German currency? Question marks
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you call it when Batman skips church? Christian Bale.
cleanjokes	tech	pun	general	0	What do you call it when Google Glass connects to the internet? Eye-fi.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you call it when someone resuscitates a person who chokes on alcohol? La chaim-lich maneuver.
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	What do you call it when you dip poultry and beef in chocolate? Brown-chichen-Brown-cow
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you call it when your wife brings you rice porridge in prison? Congee-gal visit
cleanjokes	society	pun	general	0	What do you call people who pretend to be Irish on St. Patrick's Day? Counterfitz
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What do you call security guards working outside Samsung shops? Guardians of the Galaxy
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you call shaving a crazy sheep? Shear madness.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What do you call somebody with no body and no nose? Nobody knows.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you call someone that steals shoes? A sneaker.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you call someone who majors in geology and astronomy A rockstar
cleanjokes	nature	pun	general	0	What do you call someone who makes a lot of money through deforestation of the Amazon? A Brazillionaire!
cleanjokes	life	tv-quote	general	0	What do you call someone who points out the obvious? Someone who points out the obvious.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What do you call someone who really loves breakfast? A cereal killer.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you call someone who serves smelly drinks? a Fartender
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you call someone who wears leather, likes bondage and likes getting inked? Moleskine
cleanjokes	arts	pun	general	0	What do you call someone who's studied Old Norse literature and become an expert. Well edda-cated.
cleanjokes	food	joke	general	0	What do you call soup that you've found a hair in? Rabbit Soup :D
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What do you call the Hamburglar's accomplice? hamburglar helpler
cleanjokes	arts	pun	general	0	What do you call the James Brown songs no one listens to? Defunct funk.
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	What do you call the delivery boy at an Indian restaurant? Curry-er.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you call the ghost of a chicken? A poultrygeist!
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you call the object Attila the Hun uses to brush his leg hair? A Hun knee comb.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you call the ultimate fish doctor? The Sturgeon General
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What do you call thrusting a hairy rod in and out of your mouth really fast then afterwards spitting out a white liquid? Brushing your teeth
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What do you call two crows? Attempted murder.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you call two guys above a window? Curt 'n Rod
cleanjokes	arts	joke	general	0	What do you call... What do you call an Italian romance novel model who's let himself go? Flabio.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you do if a cow is in the middle of the road you're driving on? steer clear
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What do you do if you see a spaceman? You park in it, man.
cleanjokes	science	pun	general	0	What do you do to dead chemists? You barium.
cleanjokes	food	joke	general	0	What do you do with epileptic lettuce? You make a seizure salad!
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	What do you find in a cloud's shorts? Thunderpants!
cleanjokes	love	joke	general	0	What do you get for the women who has everything? A divorce, then she'll only have half of everything.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What do you get if you cross an elephant with a fish? Swimming trunks
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you get when you cross Kansas with a vulture? Carrion my wayward son
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What do you get when you cross a crocodile with a cartridge? A snapshot.
cleanjokes	nature	pun	general	0	What do you get when you cross a firecracker and a duck? A firequacker.
cleanjokes	food	joke	general	0	What do you get when you cross a pig and a spider? Bacon and scrambled leggs.
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	What do you get when you cross an elephant and a rhino? 'ell if I know wot to call it!
cleanjokes	science	joke	general	0	What do you get when you cross an octopus with a cow? A stern rebuke from the Ethics Committee, and an immediate cessation of funding.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What do you get when you cross the Atlantic with the Titanic? Halfway.
cleanjokes	arts	pun	general	0	What do you get when you drop a piano down a mineshaft? A flat miner.
cleanjokes	arts	pun	general	0	What do you get when you drop a piano in a coal mine? A flat minor. Night... Don't forget to tip your waitress
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What do you get when you mix Michael Jordan with Donald Trump? A Dunkin' Donut.
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	What do you get when you mix two chains and a cow? Truuuuuuuuuuu-moooooooooooooooooo!!!
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What do you get when you sit on a potato? A potato wedge! (I made this up when I was 9)
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you say to someone who is making a cardboard belt? "That's a waist of paper!"
cleanjokes	food	joke	general	0	What do you say to the Montana barista when they overfill your chamomile? Beautiful
cleanjokes	family	pun	general	0	What do you say to your sister when she's crying? Are you having a crisis?
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	What do you say when you find two banana peels together? Answer: A pair of slipper
cleanjokes	nature	pun	general	0	What do you say when you see three whales? Whale whale whale, what do we have here?
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What does Captain Kirk wear to the fitness center? Jim shorts.
cleanjokes	food	joke	general	0	What does Colonel Mustard's Mexican maid call him? *(Phonetically-ish)* Mis'ser Dijon.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What does December have that other months dont have? The letter D.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What does Drew Carey have in his driveway? Cleveland Rocks!
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What does Mario use to get his hot dogs off the grill? He uses his Donkey Tongs.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What does a Jedi say after a tragic loss of life? "May my thoughts be with them".
cleanjokes	arts	pun	general	0	What does a Vulcan lawnmower need to function? A spock plug.
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	What does a bag of rice and an onion do when they get into a fast car? They pilaf. I'll show my way out
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	What does a baker wear on his feet? Loafers.
cleanjokes	life	quip	general	0	What does a can of tuna say? Premium flaked tuna Best before dd/mm/yy
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What does a duck call a tractor? A quacktor
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	What does a ghost cow say? *wave arms around* MoooooOOOOOOoooooooo
cleanjokes	nature	pun	general	0	What does a hawk call a high ledge A *falcony!*
cleanjokes	food	joke	general	0	What does a mexican magician make for breakfast? Toast-tah-dahs!
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	What does a nosey pepper do? Gets jalapeno business!
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	What does a nosey pepper do? It gets jalapeno business.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What does a rock do all day? Nothing. (this joke was made by daughter when she was 5)
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What does a storm cloud have on beneath its clothes? Thunderwear!
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What does a thesaurus eat for breakfast? A synonym roll.
cleanjokes	food	joke	general	0	What does a train full of grain's whistle sound like? "COUS, COUS!!!"
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What does batman take in his whiskey? Just ice.
cleanjokes	arts	pun	general	0	What does music have to do with safety? If you don't C sharp, you'll B flat.
cleanjokes	society	pun	general	0	What does r/The_Donald call its rule list? The MAGA Carta
cleanjokes	nature	pun	general	0	What does the horse call the pigs on his farm? Neigh-boars.
cleanjokes	tech	joke	general	0	What electronic device leaves behind a lot of broken glass? A PC, seeing how they typically run on Windows!
cleanjokes	science	joke	general	0	What form of radiation bakes you cookies? A gramma ray
cleanjokes	love	pun	general	0	What fruit do Romeo and Juliet eat? Cantelope
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	What game do you play with a wombat? Wom.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What gets longer the more you cut it at both ends? A ditch.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What goes "Hahahahaha...*thud*"? Someone laughing their head off
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What goes oh oh oh? Santa walking backwards.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What goes up and down but does not move? Stairs
cleanjokes	nature	pun	general	0	What gun do you use to hunt a moose? A moosecut!
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What haircut did the Texan barber recommend when asked? He couldn't think of anything, and said "I'll mullet over"
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What happened to the Denver Broncos in the Super Bowl? They had a MetLife crisis. (that's the name of the stadium)
cleanjokes	work-money	pun	general	0	What happened to the butched after he backed into the meat grinder? he got a little "behind" in his work
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What happened to the ghost who couldn't scare? He had to join a support group since he couldn't handle his boos.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What happened to the runny nose... it tripped and fell. Now it's all boogered up.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What happened to the tyrannical fruit? He was impeached!
cleanjokes	society	pun	general	0	What happened to the tyrannical peach? He got impeached!
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What happened when porky pig fell asleep at his construction job? The foreman fired him, saying, 'We can't have bored boars boring boards.'
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What happened when the carrot died? There was a huge turnip at the funeral.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What happened when the man couldn't afford the mortgage on his haunted house? ...it was repossessed!
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What happens at night in Bangladesh? It gets Dhaka
cleanjokes	society	joke	general	0	What happens if socialism comes to the Sahara? Old Soviet-era joke told in Russia: What happens if socialism comes to the Sahara? Nothing at first, but then the sand shortages will start.
cleanjokes	faith	joke	general	0	What happens if you pass gas in church? You have to sit in your own pew.
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	What happens to a frog's car when it breaks down? It gets toad away.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What happens when a spoon and fork get into a fight? civilwar
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	What happens when breed a shark and snowman? You get a frostbite!
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What happens when you don't serve drinks at a party? There's no punch line.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What happens when you get some vinegar in your ear? You suffer from pickled hearing!
cleanjokes	arts	pun	general	0	What happens when you steamroll Batman and Robin? They become flatman and ribbon.
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	What happens when your cousin eats all the Pumpkin pie on Thanksgiving? Plump kin!
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What has a bottom at the top? Your legs.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What has more letters than the alphabet? The post office.
cleanjokes	family	joke	general	0	What has six eyes but cannot see? Three men in a house with dirty dishes in the sink, laundry that needs to be folded and kids that need a bath
cleanjokes	life	dark	general	0	What has two arms and 14 legs? Guy who collects legs.
cleanjokes	food	joke	general	0	What have you got if your pet kangaroo gets into molasses and Indian curry? An Indian goo roo
cleanjokes	faith	joke	general	0	What instrument does God play? He plays the cello. As it says in scripture: "Our God is a cellist God."
cleanjokes	arts	joke	general	0	What is Captain Ahab's favorite reggae band? Bob Marley and The Whalers!
cleanjokes	arts	joke	general	0	What is Forrest Gump's favorite pasta? Penne
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What is H.P. Lovecraft's cook book called? The Necronomnomnomicon.
cleanjokes	society	dark	general	0	What is ISIL's favourite dessert? Terrormisu
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What is Jackie Chan's favorite drink? Wata
cleanjokes	arts	pun	general	0	What is Mozart doing right now? *Decomposing*
cleanjokes	food	quip	general	0	What is Paula Deen's favorite insect? The Butterfly
cleanjokes	science	joke	general	0	What is a bacteria's OTHER favorite dish? The PETRI dish!
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	What is a martian's favourite chocolate? A mars bar
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What is a pair of sheep's favorite instrument? Two-Baaas.
cleanjokes	science	joke	general	0	What is a rocket's favorite meal? Launch! Another one from my 9 year old.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What is a spectre's favorite theme park attraction? The Roller Ghoster
cleanjokes	arts	pun	general	0	What is a traveler's favorite font? Times New Roamin'!
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	What is a tuna's favorite city? Albacoreque.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What is a vampire's favorite fruit? a Neck-tarine --From a great co-worker
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What is agitated buy joyful? A washing machine
cleanjokes	science	pun	general	0	What is an astronaut's favorite meal? Launch
cleanjokes	food	joke	edgy	1	What is black, bitter and dont work worth a damn? Decaf coffee
cleanjokes	society	quip	general	0	What is black, white, and red all over? A Communist Propaganda film from the 1930s.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What is green, fuzzy, and will kill you if it falls out of a tree? A pool table. [Thanks, Wagon Train camper!]
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What is green, has four legs and if it fell out of a tree and landed on you it would kill you? A pool table!
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	What is green, sings and can be found in the fridge? Elvis Parsley
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What is heavy forward but not backward? **ton**
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What is invisible and smells like carrots? Bunny Farts.
cleanjokes	science	joke	general	0	What is irony? Irony is when something has the chemical symbol Fe.
cleanjokes	tech	joke	general	0	What is robot jazz called? Beep Boop Bop!
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What is the Sun's favorite candy? Starburst! Another one from my 9 year old. I don't know where he gets it.
cleanjokes	tech	pun	general	0	What is the ardent task of searching for a new wallpaper called? Running a Backgroud Check.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What is the cheapest part of a boat? The part with the sail in it.
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	What is the difference between a Siberian husky and an Alaskan husky? About 1500 miles.
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	What is the difference between a man and a cat? One eats a lot, is lazy and doesnt care who brings the food. The other is a pet.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What is the difference... What is the difference between unlawful and illegal? One is against the law and the other is a sick bird.
cleanjokes	arts	pun	general	0	What is the horror movie Quija rated? Quija-13
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What is the last thing to go through a fly's mind when it hits a windshield? Its butt.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What is the longest word in the English language? SMILES because there is a mile between the first and last letters!
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What is the medical term for owning too many dogs? [A Roverdose](http://i.imgur.com/BtyF5ys.jpg)
cleanjokes	faith	pun	general	0	What is the most religious unit in electrical engineering? Ohm.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What is the scientific name for a crippled tyrannosaurus rex ? Tywalkasoreus Rex
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What is the swamp-dwellers favorite form of extraterrestrial life? the Martians
cleanjokes	food	joke	general	0	What is the world famous Chef Gordan's favorite football team? The Ramsays
cleanjokes	arts	pun	general	0	What is tuba plus tuba? Fourba!
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	What killed the guy ordering at an Italian restaurant? He'd had trouble deciding to go with the appetizers or entrees, but eventually he went antipasto way.
cleanjokes	nature	pun	general	0	What kind of bee can never be understood? A mumble-bee.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What kind of bee will not take credit for his contributions? A Humblebee.
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	What kind of beer does a cow brew? Heifer-weizen.
cleanjokes	nature	joke	edgy	1	What kind of bees make milk? Boobies.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What kind of bird can write? A penguin.
cleanjokes	nature	pun	general	0	What kind of birds stick together? Vel-crows
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What kind of boats do smart people ride on? Scholar ships!
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What kind of car did the German cowboy purchase? Audi *tips hat*
cleanjokes	food	joke	general	0	What kind of dish does LeBron like? anything with curry in it.
cleanjokes	nature	pun	general	0	What kind of dog can do magic tricks? A labracadabrador.
cleanjokes	arts	pun	general	0	What kind of fish would be good to tune a piano? Oh, you guessed it right ... the tuna fish!
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What kind of house does a stoned loaf of bread live in? A high rise
cleanjokes	tech	pun	general	0	What kind of jackets do Audiophiles wear? FLAC jackets
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What kind of jeans do ghosts wear? Boo Jeans
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What kind of music does a printer make? A paper jam.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What kind of pants does Super Mario wear? Denim Denim Denim
cleanjokes	arts	pun	general	0	What kind of pants does Super Mario wear? [Denim, denim, denim.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c0SuIMUoShI)
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	What kind of soda do dogs drink? Barq's Root Beer.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What kind of turns do letters take? U-turns! *From my 9 year old son yesterday. Fixed typo.
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	What language do they speak in Holland? Hollandaise.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What lies at the bottom of the ocean and twitches? A nervous wreck.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What mysterious hair product does Lucifer use to keep himself looking good? Arcane-gel!
cleanjokes	nature	pun	general	0	What name is given to the most chickens ? pEGGy
cleanjokes	life	observation	general	0	What other body parts did Voldemort not have apart from his nose? His legs and arms.. because he was disarmed and defeated.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What should you do before criticizing Pac-Man? WAKA WAKA WAKA mile in his shoes
cleanjokes	nature	pun	general	0	What side dish do frogs like to enjoy with their hamburgers? French Flies!
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	What side of a leopard has the most spots? The outside
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	What side of a turkey has the most feathers? The outside.
cleanjokes	arts	quip	general	0	What song can never be played on #throwback Thursday? Friday by Rebecca Black
cleanjokes	life	observation	general	0	What state do most people live in? Denial. Myself included.
cleanjokes	food	joke	general	0	What the plate say to the other plate? Dinners on me
cleanjokes	tech	pun	general	0	What the the electrician say to his buddy? Watts up?!
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What time do you go to the dentist? 2:30
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What time does Sean Connery arrive at Wimbledon? Tennish
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	What type of cheese lives under your bed? Muenster.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What type of doctor prescribes Coke and 7-up for a living? A Poptometrist!
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	What type of grain uses profanity? Vulgar Wheat
cleanjokes	arts	joke	general	0	What type of melon would Romeo and Juliet have been? Cantaloupe.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What type of school did Sherlock Holmes go to? Elementary :)
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What type pf culture is most peaceful and never gets angry? Nomads!
cleanjokes	arts	joke	general	0	What was Beethoven's favorite fruit? BA-NA-NA-NA!
cleanjokes	science	pun	general	0	What was Carl Sagan's favorite drink? Cosmos.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What was Dr Frankenstein's second job? He was a body-builder
cleanjokes	science	pun	general	0	What was Marie Curie's fitness program on the airwaves called? Radio-Activity
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What was the allergic 2"X4"'s terrifying hallucination? He sawdust.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What was the car doing in the dressing room? Changing attire.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What was wrong with the wooden car? It wooden go.
cleanjokes	food	joke	general	0	What' the difference between roast beef and pea soup? Anyone can roast beef, but not everyone can pea soup. (As told by my 8yo, who made me laugh with a joke for the first time. Proud dad moment.)
cleanjokes	arts	pun	general	0	What's Anakin Skywalker's favorite animal? Well, it was cats, originally, but then he was turned to the dog side.
cleanjokes	arts	pun	general	0	What's Beethoven's favorite fruit? A ba-na-na-naaaaa
cleanjokes	society	joke	general	0	What's George Washington's least favorite flower? Li[e]-lacs!
cleanjokes	food	joke	general	0	What's Medusa's favorite kind of cheese? Gorgonzola.
cleanjokes	life	quip	general	0	What's Sam Smith's favorite type of nut? [It's an alllllllllmond](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fB63ztKnGvo&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=37s)
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	What's a baker's biggest fear? Something going a-rye while they're raisin' bread.
cleanjokes	arts	pun	general	0	What's a balloon's favorite genre of music? Pop.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What's a blind person's favorite fast food joint? Taco Braille
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What's a comedian's favorite candy? Laffy Taffy.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What's a difference between a teacher and a train? The teacher tells you to spit you gum out. The train says, "Chew, chew, chew!"
cleanjokes	nature	pun	general	0	What's a dog's favorite mode of transportation? A waggin'
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	What's a martini's favorite garnish? Olive 'em!
cleanjokes	food	joke	general	0	What's a pigs favorite muscle? The hamstring.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What's a pirate's favorite letter? The C.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What's a pirates favorite letter? You think it's the "R" but it's really the "C". Happy talk like a pirate day!
cleanjokes	food	joke	general	0	What's a reporter's favorite food? Ice cream because they always want a scoop!
cleanjokes	faith	joke	general	0	What's an atheist's favorite Christmas movie? Coincidence on 34th Street
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	What's an idealist vegetarian's favorite meal? Peas and hominy
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	What's an oven's favorite comedy routine? Deadpan.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What's brown and rhymes with Snoop? Dr. Dre
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What's brown and sounds like a bell? Dung.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What's brown and sticky? A stick
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What's cold and scary?! I-scream!
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What's faster hot or cold? Hot! Because anyone can catch a cold! buh duh tsst
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What's gray and all around? Everything. I'm a dog.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What's green and fuzzy and can kill you if it falls from a tree? A pool table.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What's green, fuzzy, and if it falls out of a tree it'll kill you? A pool table.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What's grey? A melted penguin!
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What's invisible and smells like carrots? Bunny farts.
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	What's invisible and smells like carrots? Rabbit farts
cleanjokes	science	pun	general	0	What's it called when a planet orbits its sun 8 times? An orbyte
cleanjokes	arts	joke	general	0	What's made of brass and sounds like Tom Jones? Trombones!
cleanjokes	tech	pun	general	0	What's my New Year resolution? Well, I just got a Hi-Def TV, so it's 1920 X 1080i.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What's pink and fluffy? Pink fluff. Whats blue and fluffy? Pink fluff holding its breath
cleanjokes	life	dark	general	0	What's red and bad for your teeth? A brick.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What's red and is bad for your teeth? A brick
cleanjokes	society	pun	general	0	What's so great about living in Switzerland? Well, the flag is a big plus.
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	What's that coffee drink with icecream? I used to know it, but... Affogato.
cleanjokes	food	dark	general	0	What's the best part about twenty two year old wheels of cheese? There are twenty of them.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What's the best part of a baker's body? Their buns.
cleanjokes	food	quip	general	0	What's the best thing to put into a pie Your teeth.
cleanjokes	work-money	pun	general	0	What's the best way to capitalize on an opportunity? ON AN OPPORTUNITY
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What's the best way to get a hold of Vin Diesel? IM Groot. : D Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lvlj1u9S258
cleanjokes	arts	quip	general	0	What's the difference between Bird flu and swine flu? For one you get tweetment and the other you get oinkment...
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What's the difference between Botox and Borax? Two letters.
cleanjokes	society	joke	general	0	What's the difference between a Jew and a pizza? The pizza can have ham and cheese together.
cleanjokes	love	quip	general	0	What's the difference between a Thai man and a Thai woman? Pls help.
cleanjokes	nature	pun	general	0	What's the difference between a bag of chips and a duck with the flu? One's a quick snack and the other's a sick quack!
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	What's the difference between a bird and a fly? A bird can fly, but a fly can't bird.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What's the difference between a cat and a complex sentence? A cat has claws at the end of its paws. A complex sentence has a pause at the end of its clause.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What's the difference between a firstborn prince and a baseball? A baseball is thrown to the air.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What's the difference between a fish and a guitar? You can't tuna fish!
cleanjokes	nature	pun	general	0	What's the difference between a hippo and a zippo? One is really heavy, and the other is a little lighter.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What's the difference between a piano, a tuna and a jar of glue? You: You can tuna piano but you can't piano a tuna! Person getting told joke: What about the glue? You: I knew you'd get stuck there!
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What's the difference between a poorly dressed man on a tricycle and a well dessed man on a bicycle? Attire...!!
cleanjokes	love	quip	general	0	What's the difference between me and a calendar? A calendar has dates. #foreveralone
cleanjokes	food	joke	general	0	What's the difference between pea soup and roast beef? Anyone can roast beef...
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What's the difference between unlawful and illegal? Unlawful is against the law and illegal is a sick bird.
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	What's the first rule of bug ownership? Watch your step!
cleanjokes	arts	joke	general	0	What's the internal temperature of a Taun-Taun? Lukewarm
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	What's the longest word in the dictionary? "Smiles" because there is a mile between each S!
cleanjokes	society	pun	general	0	What's the loudest economic system? CAPITALISM
cleanjokes	science	joke	general	0	What's the most beautiful thing in Advanced Physics? A passing grade. :)
cleanjokes	science	pun	general	0	What's the most beautiful thing in mathematics? A cute angle
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What's the smartest dinosaur? Thesaurus Rex! omg, I crack myself up! ~Skip
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	What's the strongest letter in the alphabet? ***P*** Even Superman can't hold it.
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	What's worse than a centipede with sore feet? A giraffe with a sore throat
cleanjokes	life	quip	general	0	Whatever you do, always give 100%... Unless of course, you're donating blood.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Whats Marios favorite type of jeans? denim denim denim!
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Whats Red and Smells Like Blue Paint? Red Paint
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Whats blue and smells like red paint? Blue paint
cleanjokes	work-money	pun	general	0	Whats the problem with tainted money? It taint yours and it taint mine :D (Puns for the win? :D)
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	When Captain Picard's sewing machine broke he brought it to the repairman and said... "make it sew."
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	When German children play a game involving touching each other with bread... it's called gluten tag. I'll show myself out.
cleanjokes	life	quip	general	0	When I grow old, I am sure I will look back at my life and say "aaaah! my neck hurts"
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	When do elephants have eight feet? When there are two of them.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	When do you know you are getting a good deal on a boat? When there's a sail on it.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	When does one play a corny game? You play it by ear.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	When is a door not a door? When it's a jar
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	When is booger not a booger? When it('s not).
cleanjokes	nature	pun	general	0	When is the month when the most trees fall? Sep-timber
cleanjokes	life	quip	general	0	When you ask a girl, Wanna go to the gym with me? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rQegAi6d-MM
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	When you cook duck you should always add a little bit of goose It makes a game out of every bite.
cleanjokes	society	joke	general	0	Where did Napoleon Bonaparte keep his armies? In his sleevies.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Where did Napoleon keep his armies? In his sleevies!
cleanjokes	life	dark	general	0	Where did Sally go after the explosion? Everywhere.
cleanjokes	nature	pun	general	0	Where did the cat go when it lost it's tail? To the retail store!
cleanjokes	nature	pun	general	0	Where did the fish go when it needed an operation? To the sturgeon
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Where did the general keep his armies? In his sleevies!
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Where did the mistletoe go to become rich and famous? Hollywood.
cleanjokes	nature	pun	general	0	Where did the seaweed... Where did the seaweed find a job? In the "Kelp Wanted" section of the want-ads.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Where did the team get there uniforms? New Jersey
cleanjokes	science	pun	general	0	Where did the universe attend college? At the university.
cleanjokes	nature	pun	general	0	Where do Cows go for parties? The Moovies
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Where do dinosaurs get their pickles from? Vlasic Park
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Where do dogs go when they lose their tails? To a retail store.
cleanjokes	nature	pun	general	0	Where do literal dogs live? On the roof.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Where do pots go on vacation? JaPAN! From my 9 year old.
cleanjokes	nature	pun	general	0	Where do rabbits like to eat breakfast? IHOP!
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Where do sick boats go? The dock!
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Where do snowmen dance? At the snowball!
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Where do toilets live? Porcel Lane.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Where do weirdos ride their bicycles? Psycho-paths. (as told by one of my coworkers)
cleanjokes	tech	pun	general	0	Where do you buy Pikmin from? The Oli-Mart
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Where do you drown a hipster? The Mainstream.
cleanjokes	food	joke	general	0	Where do you go to weigh a pie? Somewhere over the rainbow weigh a pie. (sounds like way up high)
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	Where do you learn to make ice cream? Sundae School
cleanjokes	nature	pun	general	0	Where does a river keep it's money? At the bank.
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	Where does dubious pasta come from? The spaghetto. I can't take all the credit, however: I heard the word from [this](http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/xdp4k/the_gaydar/c5lnkep) guy
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Where does the General keep his armies? In his sleevies.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Where does the little king keep his little armies? Up his little sleevies.
cleanjokes	tech	pun	general	0	Where does the thumb meet its type? At the SPACE BAR! reddit is fun! I'm staring at the keyboard tryin' to think up a joke and voila'!
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Where is Engagement, Ohio? Between Dayton and Marion.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Which Pokemon got a cold? Pik-a-choo.
cleanjokes	society	joke	general	0	Which US state is the friendliest towards the Japanese? Ohio
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Which celebrity is great at creating probate documents? Will Smith
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	Which cheese is the loneliest? Prov-alone!
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Which day do chickens fear most? Fryday.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Which fairground ride is made of iron? The ferrous wheel
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Which is faster, hot or cold? Hot is faster. Anyone can catch a cold.
cleanjokes	science	pun	general	0	Which is the most silky planet? Satin!
cleanjokes	food	joke	general	0	Which kitchen appliance tells the best jokes? The beater - he cracks everybody up!
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Which letter of the alphabet is the laziest? letter G (lethargy)
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	Which side of a horse has the most hair? The OUTSIDE! oh-my-goodness, that's hilarious! ~Skip
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Which way will it fall? If a rooster lays an egg on a pointed roof, which way will it land? Roosters don't lay eggs
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Which whiskey should you buy if you want to dance all night? Wild Twerky!
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Which word is the longest in the English language? Smiles - because there is a mile between the first and last letters
cleanjokes	science	joke	general	0	Who invented fractions? Henry the 1/8
cleanjokes	life	tv-quote	general	0	Who is William Shatner's mythical nemesis? The Lepre-khaaaaannnnn!!!!!
cleanjokes	arts	joke	general	0	Who is the only superhuman Frozone can't deal with? Thor.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Who is the roundest knight at King Arthur's table? Sir Cumference.
cleanjokes	tech	pun	general	0	Who makes the sweetest video games? Masahiro Saccharide
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	Who was the chicken's favorite musician? BAAAACH BACH BACH BACH
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Who was the knight that invented the round table? Sir Cumference. (via friend who got this from a street performance group in the England area of Epcot)
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Who was the most important Knight of the Round Table? Sir Cumference.
cleanjokes	arts	pun	general	0	Who was the only novelist with both direction and magnitude? Vector Hugo.
cleanjokes	food	joke	general	0	Who's bad at baseball but fun at parties? A pitcher filled with margaritas!
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Who's the world's greatest underwater spy? Pond. James Pond.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why Does Snoop Dogg need an umbrella? For drizzle, my nizzle. :D
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	Why are bears so hairy ? They don't have salons in the jungle !
cleanjokes	nature	pun	general	0	Why are cats bad storytellers? Because they only have one *tale*
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why are colds such bad robbers? Because they're so easy to catch!
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why are contortionists always angry? Their work usually has them pretty bent out of shape.
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	Why are giraffes slow to apologize? It takes them a long time to swallow their pride
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	Why are giraffes' necks so long? Because their heads are so far away from their bodies.
cleanjokes	nature	pun	general	0	Why are horses never overweight? They're on a stable diet.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why are jokes about rotten eggs banned? Because they're infeggtious
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why are locomotive drivers so good at driving locomotives? Because they were trained.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why are manhole covers round? Because manholes are round.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why are pirates so mean? I dont know, they just arrrrrrrrr!
cleanjokes	science	joke	general	0	Why are proteins so cranky? Because they're made of a mean ol' acids.
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	Why are some chillies nosy? They're jalapeno business
cleanjokes	society	pun	general	0	Why are the nordic countries the best countries to live in? Their flags are big plusses.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why are there no midget accountants? They always come up short.
cleanjokes	food	joke	general	0	Why are there only two hundred and thirty nine beans in a bowl of bean soup? Because just one more and it would be two-farty
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why aren't sumos chummy with racecar drivers? They move in different circles.
cleanjokes	nature	pun	general	0	Why arent koalas actual bears? They dont meet the koalafications.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why can't a Pirate make it through their ABC's? They always get lost at C.
cleanjokes	science	joke	general	0	Why can't you hear a pterodactyl go to the bathroom? Because the P is silent
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why can't you hear a pterodactyl in the bathroom ... because the "p" is silent
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why can't you hear a pterodactyl urinate? Because of the silent P.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why can't you hear a pterodactyl use the restroom? Because the *p* is silent
cleanjokes	life	dark	general	0	Why can't you hear it when a pteranodon goes to the bathroom? Because they're all dead.
cleanjokes	nature	pun	general	0	Why can't you run in a camp ground? You can only 'ran'; it's past tents.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why cant college students take exams at the zoo? Too many cheetahs
cleanjokes	arts	pun	general	0	Why couldn't Bach pay for his dinner? Because he was Baroque.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why couldn't Elsa hold on to a balloon? She would always let it go.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why couldn't Joe be friends with a double-amputee? Because he's lack-toes intolerant.
cleanjokes	love	pun	general	0	Why couldn't the alligator satisfy his lover? He had a reptile dysfunction.
cleanjokes	food	joke	general	0	Why couldn't the hunter cook breakfast? The game warden found out he poached his eggs!
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why couldn't the lifeguard save the hippie from drowning? He was *too far out, maaan*.
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	Why couldn't the melons be together? Everyone knows melons cantaloupe.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why couldn't the pirate learn the alphabet? Because he was always lost at C.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why couldn't the pony sing? He was a little horse.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why couldn't the skeleton cross the street? Because he didn't have the guts!
cleanjokes	love	pun	general	0	Why couldn't the woman date a German man? Because she was Klaustrophobic!
cleanjokes	arts	pun	general	0	Why did Beethoven get rid of his chickens? All they said was, Bach, Bach, Bach ...
cleanjokes	arts	joke	general	0	Why did Beethoven kill off his chickens? They kept saying, "Bach, Bach, Bach."
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why did Humpty Dumpty have a great fall? To make up for a lousy summer.
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	Why did Little Miss Muffet have GPS on her Tuffet? To keep her from losing her whey.
cleanjokes	family	pun	general	0	Why did Mrs. Grape leave Mr. Grape? She was tired of raisin kids.
cleanjokes	society	quip	general	0	Why did Trump insist on Hillary Clinton as Secretary of state? He doesn't believe women should get above secretary
cleanjokes	society	joke	general	0	Why did Woodrow Wilson take a long time to turn around? Because he could only make 14 point turns.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why did everyone trust the marsupial? Everything he said was troo
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why did no one ever consider Tony Stark (the Iron Man) a protagonist? Because he was always cited as the Anthony hero.
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	Why did peanut butter flop at the talent show? He didn't have the right jam.
cleanjokes	faith	pun	general	0	Why did the Buddhist monk refuse Novocain? Because he wanted to transcend dental medication.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why did the Country Bear Jamboree bear blush? Because he was a bear a-singing. ..... I am at Disney with the kids this week...
cleanjokes	nature	pun	general	0	Why did the Fall break off from all the other seasons? Because it wanted autumnomy
cleanjokes	society	dark	general	0	Why did the Kurd bury his music collection? His tribesman said "ISIL is approaching, and they're coming for Yazidis."
cleanjokes	society	joke	general	0	Why did the Russians use peanuts for torture in the Cold War? Because in Soviet Russia, Nut Cracks You!
cleanjokes	tech	joke	general	0	Why did the SSD burn a flag? Because it was a Patriot Blaze
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why did the Spy cross the road? 'Cause he wasn't really on your side.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why did the Wise Man get 25 to life? Myrrhder
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why did the air freshener company go out of business? Because they lacked common scents...
cleanjokes	science	joke	general	0	Why did the bacteria cross the microscope? To get to the other slide
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why did the bald man draw rabbits all over his head? From a distance they look like hares!
cleanjokes	work-money	pun	general	0	Why did the banker leave his job? he lost interest
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	Why did the bee go to the doctor? Because he had hives.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why did the bicycle fall over? Because it was two-tired
cleanjokes	love	joke	general	0	Why did the bigamist cross the road? To get to the other bride.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why did the boy take a ladder to school? He wanted to go to high school.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why did the boy take a pencil and paper to bed? He was told to draw the curtains before going to sleep.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why did the boy throw a clock out the window? He wanted to see time fly.
cleanjokes	faith	pun	general	0	Why did the buddhist refuse novocaine when he went to get a tooth pulled? He wanted to transcend dental medication.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why did the bullet stay home? Because it got fired!
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	Why did the chef invest in chicken and cow bones? He wanted to buy stock options.
cleanjokes	love	pun	general	0	Why did the chess master order a Russian bride? He needed a Chech mate!
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why did the chicken cross the playground? To get to the other slide.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why did the chicken cross the road half-way? She wanted to lay it on the line.
cleanjokes	food	joke	general	0	Why did the chicken cross the road? To get away from Gordon ramsey
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why did the chicken cross the road? To get to the moron's house. *knock knock* ^^Whose ^^there? *the chicken...*
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why did the chicken cross the road? To get to the other side.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why did the chicken cross the road? To show the opossum it could be done.
cleanjokes	life	dark	general	0	Why did the chicken kill itself? To get to the other side.
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	Why did the chicken lay an egg? (Quoted from daughter at age 3) To get food for her babies!
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	Why did the chicken soup cross the road? Because it was down hill!
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why did the chicken? Q: Why did the chicken cross the road naked? A: Because chickens don't wear clothes.
cleanjokes	food	joke	general	0	Why did the coffee file a police report? Because it was mugged.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why did the cop wake up his son? To stop a kid napping.
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	Why did the cow go to the psychologist? She had a fodder complex.
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	Why did the cowgirl name her pony ink? Because it kept running out of the pen!! My favorite joke when young :).
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why did the dinosaur cross the road? Because the chicken didn't exist.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why did the dog go into the water? Because he didn't want to be a hot dog.
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	Why did the dog sleep on the chandelier? Because he was a light sleeper.
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	Why did the elephant turn around in the airport and go home? He forgot to pack his trunk.
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	Why did the fly fly? Because the spider spied her.
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	Why did the fox cross the road? It was chassing after the chicken!
cleanjokes	work-money	pun	general	0	Why did the girl quit her job at the donut factory? She was fed up with the hole business.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why did the girltree fall in love with the boy tree? He was sappy
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why did the golfer need to buy a new pair of socks? Because he got a hole in one!
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why did the golfer wear two pairs of pants In case he gets a hole in one
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why did the grocery delivery guy get fired? He drove people bananas!
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why did the hippie drown? He was too *far out*!
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why did the jellyroll? He saw the apple turnover.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why did the knife quit? It couldn't CUT IT! woohoo! I made this one up while sitting at a buffet table. Enjoy! ~Skip
cleanjokes	food	joke	general	0	Why did the lettuce get arrested? ...for disturbing the peas!
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why did the library book go to the doctor? It needed to be checked out; it had a bloated appendix.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why did the lion spit out the clown? Because he tasted funny.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why did the man throw his watch out the window? He wanted to see time fly!
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why did the man with one hand cross the road? To get to the second hand shop!
cleanjokes	arts	pun	general	0	Why did the mechanic go to art school? Because he wanted to learn how to make a van go!
cleanjokes	food	joke	general	0	Why did the melon get married in a church? Because he was in love with a cantaloupe.
cleanjokes	family	pun	general	0	Why did the melon try so hard to get her father's approval? Because she cant-aloupe
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why did the mobster buy a planner? So he could organize his crime
cleanjokes	work-money	pun	general	0	Why did the mortgage broker go out of business? ...because he lost interest.
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	Why did the octopus beat the shark in a fight? Because the octopus was well armed.
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	Why did the orange move to veggieland? So he could live in peas and hominy.
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	Why did the packaged green onion get into trouble? Because it was a wrapped scallion.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why did the paper follow the pencil? Because it LED THE WAY! I'm on a roll here! this is fun! ~Skip
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why did the people not like the restaurant on the moon? There was no atmosphere
cleanjokes	food	joke	general	0	Why did the pie go to the dentist? It needed a filling.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why did the puppy get away with committing murder? ...He had paws-able deniability.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why did the rabbit go to rehab? He was hopped up on easter eggs.
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	Why did the raisin take the prune to the new year's ball? Because he couldn't find a date!
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why did the rap battle champion get the most spacious and accessible seat on the bus? Because of his dis-ability.
cleanjokes	tech	joke	general	0	Why did the redditor go to /r/zelda? To boost his link karma! (X-post from /r/Jokes)
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why did the rope get put in timeout? Because he was very knotty.
cleanjokes	nature	pun	general	0	Why did the sand dune blush? Because the sea weed
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why did the scale decide that the scam artists were heavier than the novels? Because the cons outweighed the prose.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why did the scarecrow win the Nobel prize? He was outstanding in his field.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why did the skeleton not attend prom? He had no body to go with.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why did the snail draw an "S" on the side of his car? So that when he drove by people could say, "Look at that escargot!"
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	Why did the snail drink beer? To come out of its shell!
cleanjokes	tech	pun	general	0	Why did the spider land on the keyboard? She wanted a new website.
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	Why did the squirrel cross the road on the telephone wire? To be on the safe side!
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why did the strawberry cry? Because his mother was in a jam.
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	Why did the strawberry go out with the pineapple? Because he couldn't get a date!
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why did the superhero make a lot of shredded cheese? It was for the grater good.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why did the tissue get up and dance? It had a little boogy in it.
cleanjokes	food	joke	general	0	Why did the tomato turned red? Because it saw the salad dressing
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	Why did the turtle cross the road? To get to the nearest Shell Station!
cleanjokes	food	joke	general	0	Why did the twinkie go to the dentist? He lost his filling!
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why did the vampire use mouthwash? Because he had bat breath
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	Why did the vegetable band break up? They couldn't keep a beet.
cleanjokes	food	joke	general	0	Why did the vegetables hop into the boiling pot of water? They were part of a stewicide pact.
cleanjokes	science	joke	general	0	Why did the wave fail the driving test? It kept crashing on the beach.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why did the woman buy new wine glasses? Because the ones she was using made everything blurry.
cleanjokes	food	joke	general	0	Why did tomato blush? because it saw the salad dressing
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why didn't Silento knock before coming inside? Because you already know who it's isss! My little sister told me this joke.
cleanjokes	love	joke	general	0	Why didn't the Duke of Windsor let his French servant help him tie his tie? He never does it with a four-in (foreign)-hand.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why didn't the baby oyster share her little pearl? She was a little shellfish.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why didn't the bicycle cross the road? ...he was two-tired...
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why didn't the cargo ship want to leave the bay? Because it was a freight!
cleanjokes	nature	pun	general	0	Why didn't the fisherman go to Florida to fish for long jawed fish with rows of razor like teeth? He didn't have a Gar
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why didn't the skeleton go to the party? He had no *body* to go with
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why do Gastroenterologists have such a passion for their job? Because they find the components of one's stomach very intestine.
cleanjokes	society	joke	general	0	Why do Hutus hate Dustin Hoffman? He impersonated a Tootsie.
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	Why do Jamaican chickens make fun of all the other chickens? Because they're jerks.
cleanjokes	tech	joke	general	0	Why do Java developers wear glasses? Because they don't C#
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why do abcdefghijklmopqrstuvwxy &amp; z hate hanging out with the letter n? Because n always has to be the center of attention.
cleanjokes	nature	pun	general	0	Why do bears hate shoes so much? They like to run around in their bear feet.
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	Why do birds fly south for the winter? because its too far to walk!
cleanjokes	nature	pun	general	0	Why do cicadas stay up all night chirping irregularly, unable to sleep? Their cicadan rhythm is off
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	Why do cows wear bells? Because their horns don't work.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why do ducks have flat feet? To stomp out forest fires. Why do elephants have flat feet? To stomp out flaming ducks.
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	Why do ducks have webbed feet? To stomp out fires. Why do elephants have flat feet? To stomp out the burning ducks.
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	Why do elephants hide behind trees? To trip ants.
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	Why do elephants paint their toenails red? So they can hide in cherry trees. You ever seen an elephant in a cherry tree? *Then it's working*.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why do fish always sing off key? Because you can't tune a fish. Say it outloud if you don't get it. I made this one up in first grade IIRC.
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	Why do fish live in salt water? Because *pepper* makes them sneeze!
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why do ghosts carry tissues? Because they have BOOOOgers.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why do ghosts like to ride elevators? It lifts their spirits.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why do good farmers only excel when they are actually farming? (X-post from /r/jokes) Because they are out standing in their field.
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	Why do gorillas have such big nostrils? Cos they got big fingers.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why do librarians like the wind? It says, "Shhh!" all day!
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why do sailors give their wives a bouqet of ropes instead of flowers?? It's a bouqet of forget-me-knots.
cleanjokes	nature	pun	general	0	Why do sharks swim in salt water? Because pepper would make them sneeze!
cleanjokes	science	joke	general	0	Why do space rocks taste better than earth rocks? Because they are a little meteor
cleanjokes	food	joke	general	0	Why do the French like eating snails? Because they can't stand fast food!
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	Why do they make Raisin Bran commercials? For raisin bran awareness.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why do zombies always kill at comedy clubs? Because their jokes are told post-humorously!
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why does Mario hate Punchbug? Because he bruises like-a Peach!
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why does Mr. Pencil hate Mr. Pen so much? Because he is an erascist.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why does Snoop Dog carry and umbrella? Fo-Drizzle
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why does Snoop Dogg use an umbrella? For Drizzle
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why does Thor have insomnia? He's up all night to get Loki.
cleanjokes	nature	pun	general	0	Why does a Bicycle have a kickstand? Because it's two tired.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why does a chicken coop have two doors? Because if it had four it would be a chicken sedan!
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	Why does a chicken coup have 2 doors? Because if it had 4 doors, it would be a chicken Sedan.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why does a chicken coupe only have two doors? If it had four it'd be a chicken sedan!
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	Why does a milking stool have only three legs? Because the cow has the udder!
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why does a rapper need an umbrella? Fo' drizzle.
cleanjokes	family	joke	general	0	Why does not a forth-grader ever take the bus home? Because he knew his parents will make him return it.
cleanjokes	faith	joke	general	0	Why does the Pope only eat munchkins? Cause they're the holy part of the donut!
cleanjokes	nature	pun	general	0	Why does the dog go to the gym? He wants to get ruff
cleanjokes	science	joke	general	0	Why doesn't the Sun go to college? Because he has a million of degrees.
cleanjokes	science	joke	general	0	Why doesn't the sun need to go to University? He's too bright.
cleanjokes	arts	pun	general	0	Why don't Bond villains feel cold in the winter? Because they dress in lairs.
cleanjokes	nature	pun	general	0	Why don't bears wear boots? Cos they like to walk around in their bear feet.
cleanjokes	life	dark	general	0	Why don't blind people like skydiving? It scares the crap out of the dog.
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	Why don't blind people like to go skydiving? It scares their seeing-eye dog.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why don't blind people like to skydive? Because it scares the dog.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why don't blind people skydive? Because it scares their dogs too much!
cleanjokes	food	joke	general	0	Why don't cannibals like clowns? they taste funny!
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	Why don't cats play poker in the jungle... ...theres too many cheet-ahs
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	Why don't cats play poker in the jungle? Too many cheetahs!
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why don't crabs give to charities? They are shellfish.
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	Why don't melons ever run away and get married? Because they cantaloupe!
cleanjokes	tech	pun	general	0	Why don't robots have any brothers anymore? Because they have trans-sisters.
cleanjokes	love	pun	general	0	Why don't tennis players get married? Because to them love means nothing.
cleanjokes	nature	pun	general	0	Why don't you see penguins in Britain? Because they're afraid of Wales
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	Why don't you want a turkey at your thanksgiving dinner? Because it'll gobble up everything.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why don't you want to hang out with a dude from Chicago? Because 'Illinois you!
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why don't you want your nose to be 12 inches long? because then it would be a foot!
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why is 6 afraid of 7? Because 7, 8, 9.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why is Dr. Frankenstein never lonely? He's good at making friends.
cleanjokes	society	pun	general	0	Why is Ireland the richest country in the world? Because it's capital is always Dublin.
cleanjokes	society	pun	general	0	Why is Kim Jong Un like todays music? They both ain't got the same Seoul.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why is Yoda afraid of seven? Because six seven eight.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why is a shooting star better than a hamburger? It's meteor.
cleanjokes	love	joke	general	0	Why is it a bad idea to get in a relationship with a statue? Because it's not going anywhere.
cleanjokes	society	quip	general	0	Why is ok to leave the lid off a basket of socialist crabs? Because whenever one of them climbs to the top, the others drag it back down.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why is there very little honey in Belgium? Because there is only one B in Belgium
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why should you always bring 2 pair of trousers when golfing? In case you get a hole in one.
cleanjokes	food	joke	general	0	Why should you always knock before opening the refrigerator? Because there might be an Italian dressing.
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	Why should you avoid people dressed as celery? They could be stalking you!
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why should you leery of stairs? Because they are always up to something.
cleanjokes	work-money	joke	general	0	Why should you never invest in bakeries? Because they have a high turnover rate.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why should you never invite a boxer to a party? He always throws the punch.
cleanjokes	work-money	pun	general	0	Why shouldn't you have coffee while on the clock? Because that would be "grounds" for termination!
cleanjokes	life	quip	general	0	Why there should be a February 30th So dentists can have a day to celebrate
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why was 9 afraid of 20? 28 29's
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why was Cinderella banned from playing sports? Because she always ran away from the ball &lt;p&gt; My favorite joke since I was little
cleanjokes	arts	joke	general	0	Why was Cinderella thrown off the basketball team? *She ran away from the ball.*
cleanjokes	work-money	joke	general	0	Why was Farmer Bob so good at his job? Because he was outstanding in his field
cleanjokes	science	pun	general	0	Why was Pavlov's hair so soft? He conditioned it.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why was the Egyptian kid confused? Because his daddy was a mummy
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why was the Headless Horseman depressed? He could never seem to get ahead in life.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why was the actor detained by airport security? He said he was in town to shoot a pilot.
cleanjokes	food	joke	general	0	Why was the apricot late to the party? He got stuck in a jam.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why was the belt locked up? Because it held a pair of pants.
cleanjokes	food	joke	general	0	Why was the burrito embarrassed? It saw the salad dressing.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why was the chicken kicked out of class? For using *fowl* language.
cleanjokes	nature	pun	general	0	Why was the dolphin happy and the shark depressed? The sharks life lacked porpoise.
cleanjokes	food	joke	general	0	Why was the egg kicked out of the comedy club? Because he was telling bad yolks!
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	Why was the healthy potato not allowed on the plane? He was on the "No Fry" list.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why was the hula hoop a great boxer? It could go round for round.
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	Why was the lobster upset? Because he found out his friends thought he was a little crabby!
cleanjokes	science	joke	general	0	Why was the math book sad? It had a lot of problems
cleanjokes	science	joke	general	0	Why was the owl afraid of Raidoactivity Because it was made of Hootonium
cleanjokes	nature	joke	general	0	Why was the panda crying? He had a bambooboo. Aonther one from my 9 year old.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why was the rooster happy after his trip to Vegas? He got clucky.
cleanjokes	work-money	pun	general	0	Why was the scarecrow promoted? Because he was outstanding in his field!
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why was the school grey? Because it was a Greyed School. I woke up with this joke in my head this morning. I think my brain is trying to kill me with horrible puns.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why was the tank top more gangster than the tube top? The tube top was strapless.
cleanjokes	food	joke	general	0	Why was the tomato blushing? Because it saw the salad dressing.
cleanjokes	society	pun	general	0	Why were Wrigley, Doublemint, and Orbit watching CNN? To find out the latest on gum control legislation.
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	Why were the Libyans eating money? They were having dinar.
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	Why were the breakfast potatoes running around hitting each other? HashTag!
cleanjokes	nature	pun	general	0	Why were the treefrog's stories always so attention grabbing? Because he was absolutely ribbeting!
cleanjokes	arts	pun	general	0	Why would no one listen to the percussion section? Because they couldn't drum up enough support.
cleanjokes	science	joke	general	0	Why'd the chicken cross the Mobius strip? To get to the same side.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why'd the hipster burn his mouth on his coffee? Because he drank it before it was cool.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	Will Smith joke How do you find Will Smith in the snow? You look for fresh prince...
cleanjokes	tech	pun	general	0	Will Smith's website isn't responding. What do you do? Refresh Prince of Bel Air.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	Will you tell you the story of the huge sad wall? I shouldn't, you'll never get over it.
cleanjokes	life	quip	general	0	Wise man once say... He who runs in front of car will get tired, He who runs behind car will get exhausted.
cleanjokes	arts	quip	general	0	With a name like Freddy Mercury... shouldn't he have done heavy metal?
cleanjokes	love	joke	general	0	Words can't possibly describe how beautiful you are... But numbers can 4/10
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	X-post from r/jokes: "Hey! The dog you sold me yesterday just fell over and died today!" "Huh, strange. He's never done that before."
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	X-post from r/jokes: Mommy! I found a $10 bill today, but I threw it away, cus it was fake. "Oh, how did you know it was fake?" "It had two zeroes instead of one."
cleanjokes	life	quip	general	0	You can pick your friends, and you can pick your nose... But you can't pick your friend's nose
cleanjokes	arts	pun	general	0	You can tune a guitar... but you can't tuna fish!
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	You know what I hate about fashion designers? They are so clothes-minded.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	You know what they say about men that have big feet? #They wear big shoes! *Come on guys, this is /r/cleanjokes! Get your minds out of the gutter!*
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	You know what's the problem with Mexican and black jokes? If you've heard Juan, you've heard Jamaal.
cleanjokes	society	pun	general	0	You know why ancient Greek children were always getting lost from their parents? 'Cause they kept Roman around!
cleanjokes	life	observation	general	0	You know youre getting old when Santa starts looking younger.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	You'd think that people who kept their head warm would tend to be healthier... but as it turns out, people who wear turbans are actually more likely to be Sikh
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	You've got to really be careful when ingesting shoes... cause they're usually laced
cleanjokes	life	quip	general	0	[ This one from the great /u/KingOfRibbles ] "My sink was a bit dirty-" "-but all it needed was a little ...wiping!!!"
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	[My Joke] Where do noodles get their nails done? At the spa-getti.
cleanjokes	science	pun	general	0	[My Joke] Why do galaxies put on boring shows while separated? Because their performance is lack-cluster.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	[OC c/o my 9 y.o.] What holds up a bowl's pants? Suspoonders!
cleanjokes	society	pun	general	0	[OC] How does Gandhi measure passive resistance? In oooooohms.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	[OC] Why couldn't the dragon breathe fire? He had a cold
cleanjokes	life	quip	general	0	[PICKLE] Our first chance to help our new ally! http://www.reddit.com/r/pickle/comments/1a2xg8/next_attack_for_our_entire_army_march_12th_at_520/
cleanjokes	faith	joke	general	0	a disability, a curse word and a radical interpretation of scripture walk into a bar nothing happened welcome to /r/cleanjokes
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	a red ship and a blue ship crashed on an island together the survivors were marooned.
cleanjokes	arts	pun	general	0	bad scary film I was watching a really poorly done scary movie last night, it was horrorble.
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	everybody gets their 15 minutes of fame - so here's my first original joke! why is it impossible to surprise a snowman? .. he has ice in the back of his head
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	how do you make 7 even? remove the "s"
cleanjokes	tech	quip	general	0	linuxmint 13 or 15 question why does 13 have lts and not newer versions?
cleanjokes	love	quip	general	0	makeup beauty Omg = oh my girl so cute next morning without makeup Omg = ohh My God omg/omg = life without wife
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	the only one of its kind on this sub Want to hear a dirty joke? horse fell in the mud!
cleanjokes	arts	joke	general	0	totally original joke/first post: What do you get when you play a Frank Sinatra record at twice the speed? "Shrank Sinatra"
cleanjokes	science	pun	general	0	was going to make a joke about science but I know for I wont get a reaction...
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	what did socrates learn from the T-rex? i dino
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	what did the mexican firecheif name his kids... Hose A and Hose B
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	what did the zero say to the eight? nice belt
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	what do you call a fake noodle? An impasta! :D
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	what do you call a vampire that sucks mucus instead of blood? nose-feratu!
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	what do you call an effeminate dwarf? A metro-gnome....
cleanjokes	arts	pun	general	0	what does clark kent have for breakfast? alter-eggos
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	what happens if you drink 3.14 liters of water? you will Pi ss
cleanjokes	nature	pun	general	0	what keeps the lions from leaving the savannah the ele-fence
cleanjokes	life	joke	general	0	what's orange and sounds like a parrot? a carrot.
cleanjokes	life	dark	general	0	why are there fences around graveyards? people are just dying to get in there these days.
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	why didn't the american leek want to talk to the japanese leek? because it was negi
cleanjokes	life	pun	general	0	why didn't the bicycle cross the road? because it was two-tired.
cleanjokes	life	quip	general	0	why do they call them light bulbs? they don't weigh very much
cleanjokes	science	pun	general	0	why was Pavlov's hair so soft? classical conditioning.
cleanjokes	food	pun	general	0	why was the rabbit promoted to brewmaster? All his beers had a lot of hops
cleanjokes	life	quip	general	0	~tips fedora at mosquito~ Mlaria
