godin	work-money	observation	general	0	(Its easier for investors and bosses to spend time and money going after a proven market, even though proven markets are the hardest to break into.)
godin	work-money	fact	general	0	(Less than 3% of newly published authors make enough in royalties and advances to be happy to live on.)
godin	work-money	wisdom	general	0	...the greatest shortage in our society is an instinct to produce. To create solutions and hustle them out the door. To touch the humanity inside and connect to the humans in the marketplace.
godin	life	quip	general	0	3. Heres a gift, I love you.
godin	arts	wisdom	general	0	4: Stories let us lie to ourselves. And those lies satisfy our desires.
godin	life	aphorism	general	0	A Timid Trapeze Artist Is a Dead Trapeze Artist
godin	work-money	observation	general	0	A brilliant author or businesswoman or senator or software engineer is brilliant only in tiny bursts. The rest of the time, theyre doing work that most any trained person could do.
godin	work-money	wisdom	general	0	A factory demands a compliant workforce in order to succeed. And so weve organized around this idea of compliance in all thingsin school, in the foods we eat, in the way we respond to marketing. And its a dead end.
godin	faith	observation	general	0	A fundamentalist is a person who considers whether a fact is acceptable to his religion before he explores it.
godin	faith	wisdom	general	0	A fundamentalist is a person who considers whether a fact is acceptable to his religion before he explores it. As opposed to a curious person who explores first then considers whether or not he wants to accept the ramifications.
godin	life	wisdom	general	0	A genius looks at something that others are stuck on and gets the world unstuck. So the question is: Have you ever done that?
godin	life	wisdom	general	0	A graceful person gets things done, but does it in a way youd be happy to have repeated.
godin	life	wisdom	general	0	A great school experience wont keep you from being remarkable, but its usually not sufficient to guarantee that you will become so. Theres something else at work here.
godin	life	wisdom	general	0	A group needs only two things to be a tribe: a shared interest and a way to communicate.
godin	society	wisdom	general	0	A movement is thrilling. Its the work of many people, all connected, all seeking something better.
godin	life	wisdom	general	0	A woodpecker can tap twenty times on a thousand trees and get nowhere, but stay busy. Or he can tap twenty-thousand times on one tree and get dinner.
godin	life	uplifting	general	0	Abundance is possible, but only if we can imagine it and then embrace it. Will
godin	tech	wisdom	general	0	All great programmers learn the same way. They poke the box. They code something and see what the computer does. They change it and see what the computer does. They repeat the process again and again until they figure out how the box works.
godin	work-money	aphorism	general	0	All marketers are storytellers. Only the losers are liars.
godin	tech	wisdom	general	0	Amazon appears to be building a permission asset, not a brand asset.
godin	arts	wisdom	general	0	An artist is someone who uses bravery, insight, creativity, and boldness to challenge the status quo. And an artist takes it personally.
godin	arts	wisdom	general	0	An individual artist needs only a thousand true fans in her tribe. It's enough.
godin	work-money	wisdom	general	0	And yet the real success goes to those who obsess. The focus that leads you through the Dip to the other side is rewarded by a marketplace in search of the best in the world.
godin	health-body	wisdom	general	0	Anxiety is experiencing failure in advance. Tell yourself enough vivid stories about the worst possible outcome of your work and youll soon come to believe them. Worry is not preparation, and anxiety doesnt make you better.
godin	health-body	observation	general	0	Anxiety is nothing but repeatedly reexperiencing failure in advance. What a waste.
godin	work-money	quip	general	0	Anyone who says failure is not an option has also ruled out innovation.
godin	arts	observation	general	0	Art changes posture and posture changes innocent bystanders.
godin	arts	wisdom	general	0	Art has no right answer. The best we can hope for is an interesting answer.
godin	arts	wisdom	general	0	Art is a personal act of courage, something one human does that creates change in another.
godin	arts	wisdom	general	0	Art is a personal gift that changes the recipient. The medium doesnt matter. The intent does. Art is a personal act of courage, something one human does that creates change in another.
godin	arts	wisdom	general	0	Art is never defect-free. Things that are remarkable never meet spec, because that would make them standardized, not worth talking about.
godin	arts	wisdom	general	0	Art is original. Marcel Duchamp was an artist when he pioneered Dadaism and installed a urinal in a museum. The second person to install a urinal wasn't an artist, he was a plumber.
godin	arts	wisdom	general	0	Art is the unique work of a human being, work that touches another.
godin	arts	wisdom	general	0	Art isn't only a painting; it's anything that changes someone for the better, any nonanonymous interaction that leads to a human (not simply a commercial) conclusion.
godin	arts	wisdom	general	0	Art, at least art as I define it, is the intentional act of using your humanity to create a change in another person.
godin	arts	uplifting	general	0	Artists are people with a genius for finding a new answer, a new connection, or a new way of getting things done. That would be you.
godin	arts	wisdom	general	0	Artists think along the edges of the box, because that's where things get done. That's where the audience is, that's where the means of production are available, and that's where you can make an impact.
godin	society	wisdom	general	0	As our society gets more complex and our people get more complacent, the role of the jester is more vital than ever before. Please stop sitting around. We need you to make a ruckus.
godin	arts	wisdom	general	0	As soon as we associate reading with a test, we've missed the point.
godin	work-money	quip	general	0	As well see, the greatest shortage in our society is an instinct to produce.
godin	work-money	aphorism	general	0	As well see, the greatest shortage in our society is an instinct to produce. To create solutions and hustle them out the door.
godin	arts	uplifting	general	0	At the age of four, you were an artist. And at seven, you were a poet.
godin	work-money	uplifting	general	0	Be remarkable Be generous Create art Make judgment calls Connect people and ideas . . . and we have no choice but to reward you.
godin	tech	wisdom	general	0	Because frequency is free in an online permission program, and much more effective offline, the marketer has the luxury of riding the impact curve up without a matching cost curve.
godin	work-money	wisdom	general	0	Becoming a linchpin is not an act of selfishness. I see it as an act of generosity
godin	arts	wisdom	general	0	Being an artist isnt a genetic disposition or a specific talent. Its an attitude we can all adopt. Its a hunger to seize new ground, make connections, and work without a map. If you do those things, you're an artist.
godin	life	wisdom	general	0	Being open is art. Making a connection when its not part of your job is a gift. You can say your lines and get away with it, or you can touch someone and make a difference in their lives forever.
godin	society	wisdom	general	0	Being surrounded by educated people makes democracy stronger, and it benefits our entire economy.
godin	tech	observation	general	0	Bloggers around the world are discovering that its cheaper and faster and more effective to build their own media channels than it is to waste time arguing with the old ones.
godin	work-money	quip	general	0	Bullet points are not the point.
godin	work-money	wisdom	general	0	By being customer-focused instead of retail-focused, or factory-focused, a manufacturer or merchant can widely increase its offerings, thus increasing share of wallet.
godin	work-money	wisdom	general	0	Change almost never fails because it's too early. It almost always fails because it's too late.
godin	life	wisdom	general	0	Change is powerful, but change always comes with the possibility of failure as its partner. This might not work isnt merely something to be tolerated; its something you must seek out.
godin	life	aphorism	general	0	Change isn't made by asking permission. Change is made by asking forgiveness, later.
godin	life	wisdom	general	0	Change isnt made by asking permission. Change is made by asking forgiveness, later.
godin	work-money	aphorism	general	0	Choose your customers, choose your future.
godin	life	wisdom	general	0	Commit to the frightening work of flying blind
godin	work-money	wisdom	general	0	Consumers are not loyal to cheap commodities. They crave the unique, the remarkable, and the human.
godin	arts	quip	general	0	Contenerse es casi como robar. Neil Young
godin	work-money	observation	general	0	Conventional wisdom is that you should find a job that matches your passion. I think this is backwards.
godin	work-money	wisdom	general	0	Creating ideas that spread and connecting the disconnected are the two pillars of our new society, and both of them require the posture of the artist.
godin	work-money	wisdom	general	0	Creating value through interaction is far more important than solving a consumers problem in thirty seconds.
godin	work-money	wisdom	general	0	Delivering unique creativity is hardest of all, because not only do you have to have insight, but you also need to be passionate enough to risk the rejection that delivering a solution can bring. You must ship.
godin	life	wisdom	general	0	Depth of knowledge combined with good judgment is worth a lot. Depth
godin	work-money	wisdom	general	0	Differentiation is a zero-sum, advertising-based game.
godin	work-money	wisdom	general	0	Don't find customers for your products, find products for your customers.
godin	life	aphorism	general	0	Dont be different just to be different. Be different to be better.
godin	society	wisdom	general	0	Education isn't a problem until it serves as a buffer rom the world and a refuge from the risk of failure.
godin	work-money	wisdom	general	0	El mercado busca organizaciones e individuos que cambien las cosas y creen productos y servicios extraordinarios.
godin	work-money	wisdom	general	0	Emotional labor is the task of doing important work, even when it isnt easy. Emotional
godin	work-money	wisdom	general	0	Emotional labor is what you get paid to do, and one of the most difficult types of emotional labor is staring into the abyss of choice and picking a path. Your
godin	food	fact	general	0	En el mercado de Pike Place, en Seattle, todava se puede visitar el primer Starbucks. Pero es un poco raro, no parece un Starbucks. El logo es diferente, y la distribucin tambin.
godin	life	wisdom	general	0	Every single important thing we do is something we didn't use to be good at, and in fact, might be something we used to fear.
godin	life	uplifting	general	0	Everyone is lonely. Connect.
godin	life	wisdom	general	0	Everyone will think it's stupid!" "Everyone says it's impossible." Guess what? Everyone works in the balloon factory and everyone is wrong.
godin	life	observation	general	0	Everything happens for a reason, doesnt it? Even if you dont consciously agree with that statement, your brain sure does.
godin	work-money	wisdom	general	0	Excellence isnt about working extra hard to do what you're told. Its about taking the initiative to do work you decide is worth doing.
godin	life	wisdom	general	0	Expectations are the engine of our perceptions.
godin	work-money	wisdom	general	0	Extraordinary benefits accrue to the tiny minority of people who are able to push just a tiny bit longer than most.
godin	life	wisdom	general	0	Extraordinary benefits also accrue to the tiny majority with the guts to quit early and refocus their efforts on something new.
godin	life	wisdom	general	0	Eye contact, all by itself, is enough to throw your lizard brain into a tizzy. Imagine how scary it must be to set out to do something that will get you noticed, or perhaps even criticized.
godin	faith	quip	general	0	Faith is underrated. Paradoxically, religion is vastly overrated.
godin	life	observation	general	0	Fear of living without a map is the main reason people are so insistent that we tell them what to do.
godin	life	observation	general	0	For many of us, the happiest future is one that's precisely like the past, except a little better
godin	life	uplifting	general	0	For the rest of us, its not about what you're born with, its about what you do.
godin	work-money	wisdom	general	0	Frequency led to awareness, awareness to familiarity, and familiarity to trust. And trust, almost without exception, leads to profit.
godin	work-money	aphorism	general	0	Generosity generates income. This works whether you are selling paintings or innovation or a service. Linus
godin	life	wisdom	general	0	Going out of your way to find uncomfortable situations isnt natural, but its essential.
godin	work-money	wisdom	general	0	Great bosses and world-class organizations hire motivated people, set high expectations, and give their people room to become remarkable.
godin	work-money	wisdom	general	0	Great bosses and world-class organizations hire motivated people, set high expectations, and give their people room to become remarkable. The
godin	work-money	aphorism	general	0	Great design = getting people to do what you want.
godin	work-money	wisdom	general	0	Great jobs, world-class jobs, jobs people kill forthose jobs dont get filled by people e-mailing in rsums. Google
godin	work-money	wisdom	general	0	Great teachers are precious. Lousy teachers cause damage that lasts forever. We need to reorganize our schools to free the great teachers from tests and reports and busywork, and to expel the lousy
godin	work-money	observation	general	0	Great teachers are wonderful. They change lives. We need them. The problem is that most schools dont like great teachers. Theyre organized to stamp them out, bore them, bureaucratize them, and make them average. Why
godin	arts	wisdom	general	0	Great work is not created for everyone. If it were, it would be average work.
godin	work-money	observation	general	0	Group projects are the exception in school, but they should be the norm.
godin	tech	observation	general	0	Have you ever heard of Gmail? Ever used it? If so, its not because Gmail ran a lot of TV ads (they didnt). Its because the manifesto of free email got to you.
godin	faith	wisdom	general	0	Hay dos errores que podemos cometer en el camino hacia la verdad. No recorrer todo el camino, y no empezar. Siddharta Gautama
godin	life	wisdom	general	0	Heres an assignment for you: Write it down. Write down under what circumstances you're willing to quit. And when. And then stick with it.
godin	life	quip	general	0	Heres another way to describe the two axes: One asks, Can you see it? The other wonders, Do you care?
godin	society	wisdom	general	0	Heretics are the new leaders. The ones who challenge the status quo, who get out in front of their tribes, who create movements.
godin	arts	quip	general	0	How can I create something that critics will criticize?
godin	life	uplifting	general	0	How dare you settle for less when the world has made it so easy for you to be remarkable?
godin	work-money	quip	general	0	How was your day? If your answer was "fine," then I don't think you were leading.
godin	work-money	wisdom	general	0	How we respond to the opportunities and challenges of the outside world now determines how much the outside world values us.
godin	life	observation	general	0	I can do this forever. Its like adjusting a pair
godin	work-money	aphorism	general	0	I define a factory as an organization that has figured it out, a place where people go to do what theyre told and earn a paycheck.
godin	health-body	observation	general	0	I define anxiety as experiencing failure in advance.
godin	health-body	wisdom	general	0	I define anxiety as experiencing failure in advanceand if you have anxiety about initiating a project, then of course you will associate risk with failure.
godin	life	wisdom	general	0	I dont know whats the matter with people: they dont learn by understanding, they learn by some other wayby rote or something. Their knowledge is so fragile! Richard Feynman
godin	life	quip	general	0	I dont remember writing most of these posts.
godin	work-money	observation	general	0	I spend 95% of my time persuading people to take action and just 5% of the time on the recipes.
godin	arts	wisdom	general	0	I think art is the ability to change people with your work, to see things as they are and then create stories, images, and interactions that change the marketplace.
godin	society	wisdom	general	0	If all we do with these tools is teach compliance and consumption, that's all we're going to get. School can and must do more than train the factory workers of tomorrow.
godin	work-money	observation	general	0	If consumers have everything they need, theres nothing left to buy except stuff that they want. And the reason they buy stuff they want is because of the way it makes them feel.
godin	work-money	wisdom	general	0	If everyone tries to lead all the time, not much happens.
godin	life	quip	general	0	If failure is not an option, then neither is success.
godin	life	wisdom	general	0	If it scares you, it might be a good thing to try.
godin	life	wisdom	general	0	If it wasnt a mystery, it would be easy. If it were easy, it wouldnt be worth much.
godin	life	observation	general	0	If school is about postponing the day you have to stand up in front of the world and put yourself at risk, the resistance would like to stay there forever.
godin	life	wisdom	general	0	If the game is designed for you to lose, dont play that game. Play a different one. Hiring
godin	life	aphorism	general	0	If you appreciate a gift, consider saying, thank you and . . .
godin	life	wisdom	general	0	If you are deliberately trying to create a future that feels safe, you will willfully ignore the future that is likely.
godin	life	wisdom	general	0	If you can discipline yourself to read, you can free up two years of your life for the good stuff!)
godin	life	wisdom	general	0	If you can't be remarkable, perhaps you should consider doing nothing until you can.
godin	life	wisdom	general	0	If you cant fail, it doesnt count.
godin	life	aphorism	general	0	If you cant state your position in eight words, you dont have a position.
godin	life	wisdom	general	0	If you don't know how it works, find out. If you're not sure if it will work, try it. If it doesn't make sense, play with it until it does. If it's not broken, break it. If it might not be true, find out.
godin	work-money	wisdom	general	0	If you need to conceal your true nature to get in the door, understand that you'll probably have to conceal your true nature to keep that job.
godin	work-money	wisdom	general	0	If you never fail, either you're really lucky or you haven't shipped anything.
godin	society	wisdom	general	0	If you think the solution is more rules and less humanity, I fear you will be disappointed by the results. Organizations that can bring humanity and flexibility to their interactions with other human beings will thrive.
godin	life	dark	general	0	If you're brilliant and undiscovered and underappreciated (in whatever field you choose), then you're being too generous about your definition of brilliant.
godin	work-money	wisdom	general	0	If you're not uncomfortable in your work as a leader, its almost certain you're not reaching your potential as a leader.
godin	society	wisdom	general	0	In a battle between two ideas, the best one doesn't necessarily win. No, the idea that wins is the one with the most fearless heretic behind it.
godin	work-money	wisdom	general	0	In a crowded marketplace, fitting in is failing. In a busy marketplace, not standing out is the same as being invisible.
godin	work-money	fact	general	0	In a story so good that it should be apocryphal, Zappos offers graduates of their two-week paid training school $2,000 if they will quit their new jobs.
godin	society	observation	general	0	In an era of grassroots change, the top of the pyramid is too far away from where the action is to make much of a difference. It
godin	tech	wisdom	general	0	In creating an ideavirus, the advertiser creates an environment in which the idea can replicate and spread. Its the virus that does the work, not the marketer.
godin	arts	observation	general	0	In fact, stories only magnify the need to have something remarkable (and honest) to say.
godin	work-money	observation	general	0	In other words, they believe its wiser to focus more on increasing sales to a smaller percentage of your existing customers than to find new ones.
godin	life	wisdom	general	0	In the case of personality, most psychologists agree that there are five traits that are essential in how people look at us: openness, conscientiousness, extraversion, agreeableness, and emotional stability.
godin	work-money	wisdom	general	0	In unstable times, growth comes from leaders who create change and engage their organizations, instead of from managers who push their employees to do more for less.
godin	work-money	wisdom	general	0	In your career, even more than for a brand, being safe is risky. The path to lifetime job security is to be remarkable.
godin	work-money	wisdom	general	0	Initiating is really and truly difficult, and thats what leaders do. They see something others are ignoring and they jump on it. They cause the events that others have to react to. They make change.
godin	life	aphorism	general	0	Initiative = Happiness
godin	life	wisdom	general	0	Initiative and starting are about neither of these. They are about lets see and try. If theres no clear right answer, perhaps the thing you ought to do is something new. Something new is often the right path when the world is complicated.
godin	life	wisdom	general	0	Instead of wondering when your next vacation is, maybe you ought to set up a life you don't need to escape from.
godin	life	wisdom	general	0	Instead of wondering when your next vacation is, maybe you should set up a life you don't need to escape from.
godin	arts	uplifting	general	0	It doesn't matter if anyone reads it, buys it, sponsors it or shares it. It matters that you show up.
godin	life	observation	general	0	It doesnt hurt to ask Actually, it does hurt. It does hurt to ask the wrong way, to ask without preparation, to ask without permission. It hurts because you never get another chance to ask right.
godin	work-money	quip	general	0	It encourages you to focus on your work and the generosity that comes from interacting with (and helping) your community.
godin	life	quip	general	0	It's clearly more fun to make the rules than to follow them. ~
godin	society	aphorism	general	0	It's war that makes generals
godin	work-money	aphorism	general	0	Its Almost Impossible to Overinvest in Becoming the Market Leader.
godin	work-money	observation	general	0	Its damaging to build organizations around repetitive faceless work that brings no connection and no joy. As
godin	work-money	wisdom	general	0	Its hard for me to imagine how a $50 million marketing campaign is ever appropriate for any business to launch an ideavirus. If you need to interrupt that many people, you're doing something wrong.
godin	life	uplifting	general	0	Its never too late ...to start heading in the right direction.
godin	work-money	observation	general	0	Its really easy to insist that people read the manual. Its really easy to blame the user/student/prospect/customer for not trying hard, for being too stupid to get it, or for not caring enough to pay attention.
godin	life	wisdom	general	0	Just about everything you learned in school about life is wrong, but the wrongest thing might very well be this: Being well rounded is the secret to success.
godin	life	wisdom	general	0	Kindness creates connection. It generates respect (on both sides) and it scales.
godin	work-money	aphorism	general	0	Leaders lead when they take positions, when they connect with their tribes, and when they help the tribe connect to itself.
godin	work-money	wisdom	general	0	Leaders who set out to give are more productive than leaders who seek to get. Even
godin	work-money	aphorism	general	0	Leadership is the art of giving people a platform for spreading ideas that work.
godin	work-money	wisdom	general	0	Leadership isn't something that people hand to you. ... [i]t's a gradual process, one where you take responsibility years before you are given authority. And that's something we can teach.
godin	work-money	wisdom	general	0	Leadership, on the other hand, is about creating change you believe in.
godin	life	wisdom	general	0	Learning is not done to you, it is something you choose to do.
godin	arts	wisdom	general	0	Leo Babautas brilliant little book Zen Habits helps you think your way through this problem. His program is simple: Attempt to create only one significant work a year.
godin	life	observation	general	0	Life is actually far better than it is in the movies. And it takes longer.
godin	life	aphorism	general	0	Lifes too short to fight the forces of change. Lifes too short to hate what you do all day. Lifes way too short to make mediocre stuff.
godin	society	wisdom	general	0	Los lderes son vulnerables, no controladores, y nos llevan a un lugar nuevo, no a la seguridad barata, rpida y sumisa.
godin	faith	wisdom	general	0	Los mitos y los sueos proceden del mismo lugar... Un mito es el sueo de una sociedad. Joseph Campbell
godin	life	aphorism	general	0	Make it easy to believe.
godin	work-money	aphorism	general	0	Marketing is the act of telling stories about the things we makestories that sell and stories that spread.
godin	work-money	aphorism	general	0	Marketing is the name we use to describe the promise a company makes, the story it tells, the authentic way it delivers on that promise.
godin	work-money	wisdom	general	0	Marketing is too important to be left to the marketing department. David Packard
godin	work-money	wisdom	general	0	Marketing used to be about advertising, and advertising is expensive. Today, marketing is about engaging with the tribe and delivering products and services with stories that spread.
godin	life	quip	general	0	Mediocre is merely a failed attempt to be really good.
godin	life	observation	general	0	More fashion = less need for quality
godin	life	observation	general	0	Most of our lives in public are spent papering over, rationalizing, and otherwise denying our fear. We go to war because were afraid, and we often go to spiritual events for the very same reason.
godin	life	observation	general	0	My friend didnt understand what it means to be in the world, to be present and aware.
godin	life	aphorism	general	0	Never quit something with great long-term potential just because you cant deal with the stress of the moment.
godin	life	wisdom	general	0	No one has a transparent view of the world. In fact, we all carry around a personal worldviewthe biases and experiences and expectations that color the way we perceive the world.
godin	life	observation	general	0	No one knows more about the way you think than you do.
godin	arts	wisdom	general	0	Not only must you be an artist, must you be generous, and must you be able to see where you can help but you must also be aware. Aware of where your skills are welcomed.
godin	society	observation	general	0	Now, though, the proletariat owns the means of production. Now, the workers are self-organized online.
godin	work-money	uplifting	general	0	On top of this, if you do great work you gain the reward of knowing you're doing great work. Your day snaps into alignment with your dreams, and you no longer have to pretend you're mediocre. You're free to contribute.
godin	work-money	wisdom	general	0	Once youve engaged with an organization or a relationship or a community, you owe it to your team to start. To initiate. To be the one who makes something happen. To do less is to steal from them.
godin	arts	quip	general	0	One day, Id like to write a book about the worst ads ever run, but my fear is that it would be too long.
godin	society	wisdom	general	0	One of the things that school is for is to teach our children to understand and relish the idea of intellectualism, to develop into something more than a purpose-driven tool for the industrial state.
godin	arts	observation	general	0	One reason to buy a watch (or a book) is because you want to possess it, show it off, give it to your grandchildren. Holding a book is a luxury, one for which you pay a premium.
godin	arts	observation	general	0	One thing that most comic artists avoid is showing decisions. They show action, sure, and they show results, but they dont show (because its difficult to show) the hero or the villain making a choice.
godin	arts	wisdom	general	0	One way to become creative is to discipline yourself to generate bad ideas. The worse the better. Do it a lot and magically you'll discover that good ones slip through
godin	arts	wisdom	general	0	One way to become creative is to discipline yourself to generate bad ideas. The worse the better. Do it a lot and magically youll discover that some good ones slip through.
godin	work-money	wisdom	general	0	One way to figure out a great theory is to look at whats working in the real world and figure out what the various successes have in common. With
godin	life	uplifting	general	0	Optimism is the most important human trait, because it allows us to evolve our ideas, to improve our situation, and to hope for a better tomorrow.
godin	work-money	observation	general	0	Or, more accurately, spend all day trying to avoid making a mistake? These are very different things. Defect-free is what people are often in search of. Meeting spec. Blameless.
godin	work-money	wisdom	general	0	Organizations that can bring humanity and flexibility to their interactions with other human beings will thrive. Why
godin	society	observation	general	0	Our culture works hard to prevent change.
godin	work-money	wisdom	general	0	Our economy now rewards artists far more than any other economy in history ever has.
godin	work-money	observation	general	0	Our society is struggling because during times of change, the very last people you need on your team are well-paid bureaucrats, note takers, literalists, manual readers, TGIF laborers, map followers, and fearful employees.
godin	life	wisdom	general	0	Passion can overcome fear - the fear of losing, of failing, of being traditional.
godin	arts	wisdom	general	0	Passion is caring enough about your art that you will do almost anything to give it away, to make it a gift, to change people.
godin	work-money	wisdom	general	0	Passion isnt project-specific. Its people-specific.
godin	life	wisdom	general	0	Passion isnt project-specific. Its people-specific. Some people are hooked on passion, deriving their sense of self from the act of being passionate.
godin	life	wisdom	general	0	People don't believe what you tell them. They rarely believe what you show them. They often believe what their friends tell them. They always believe what they tell themselves.
godin	work-money	observation	general	0	People have been indoctrinated so completely by their jobs that they dont want to know how something works, theyre willing to accept that perhaps the laws of nature dont work as they expect, and by the way, can I have the remote?
godin	life	observation	general	0	People settle. They settle for less than they are capable of.
godin	society	observation	general	0	People yearn for change, they relish being part of a movement, and they talk about things that are remarkable, not boring.
godin	work-money	wisdom	general	0	Perhaps your challenge isn't finding a better project or a better boss. Perhaps you need to get in touch with what it means to feel passionate. People with passion look for ways to make things happen.
godin	work-money	observation	general	0	Permission Marketers are totally obvious about their objectives with the consumer.
godin	work-money	quip	general	0	Permission Marketing Is Anticipated, Personal, Relevant
godin	work-money	quip	general	0	Permission Marketing is just like dating. It turns strangers into friends and friends into lifetime customers. Many of the rules of dating apply, and so do many of the benefits.
godin	tech	wisdom	general	0	Permission Marketing is the tool that unlocks the power of the Internet.
godin	work-money	observation	general	0	Permission Marketing represents a huge threat as well as a huge opportunity.
godin	life	uplifting	general	0	Persistent people are able to visualize the idea of light at the end of the tunnel when others can't see it
godin	life	wisdom	general	0	Quejarse es estpido. Acta u olvdalo. Stefan Sagmeister
godin	life	aphorism	general	0	Quite or be exceptional. Average is for losers.
godin	arts	aphorism	general	0	Real Artists Ship
godin	arts	wisdom	general	0	Real gifts dont demand reciprocation (at least not direct reciprocation), and the best kinds of gifts are gifts of art.
godin	arts	wisdom	general	0	Real gifts dont demand reciprocation (at least not direct reciprocation), and the best kinds of gifts are gifts of art. Alcoholics
godin	life	aphorism	general	0	Reality is the best reassurance of all.
godin	life	wisdom	general	0	Reject the tyranny of picked. Pick yourself.
godin	work-money	wisdom	general	0	Rich is my word for someone who can afford to make choices, who has enough resources to do more than merely survive.
godin	society	observation	general	0	School does a great job of teaching students to do what we set out to teach them. It works. The problem is that what were teaching is the wrong stuff. Here
godin	society	observation	general	0	Schools have figured this out. They need shortcuts in order to successfully process millions of students a year, and theyve discovered that fear is a great shortcut on the way to teaching compliance.
godin	work-money	aphorism	general	0	Selling is about a transference of emotion, not a presentation of facts.
godin	life	wisdom	general	0	Settling is no fun. Its a malignant habit, a slippery slope that takes you to mediocrity.
godin	life	uplifting	general	0	She solves problems that people havent predicted, sees things people havent seen, and connects people who need to be connected.
godin	work-money	wisdom	general	0	Skill and attitude are essential. Authority is not. In fact, authority can get in the way.
godin	life	observation	general	0	So here we are. We live in a world where we have the
godin	work-money	wisdom	general	0	So sure, start with a slogan. But don't bother wasting any time on it if you're merely going for catchy. Aim for true instead.
godin	work-money	observation	general	0	So we take the deal. We agree to do a job in exchange for a set of instructions. And for the hundred years that it led to increasing standards of living, it seemed like a very good deal.
godin	arts	wisdom	general	0	Some people are gift givers by nature. They love their tribe, or they respect their art, and so they give. Not for an ulterior motive, but because it gives them joy.
godin	work-money	wisdom	general	0	Something remarkable is worth talking about. Worth noticing. Exceptional. New. Interesting. It's a Purple Cow.
godin	life	quip	general	0	Sometimes, we're so focused on being consistent that we also lower the bar on amazing.
godin	life	aphorism	general	0	Soon is not as good as now.
godin	life	wisdom	general	0	Sooner or later, many idealists transform themselves into disheartened realists who mistakenly believe that giving up is the same thing as being realistic.
godin	work-money	aphorism	general	0	Stick with the Dips that are likely to pan out, and quit the Cul-de-Sacs to focus your resources
godin	work-money	quip	general	0	Strangers Friends Customers Loyal Customers Former Customers
godin	work-money	wisdom	general	0	Strategic quitting is the secret of successful organisations. Reactive quitting and serial quitting are the bane of those that strive (and fail) to get what they want.
godin	work-money	aphorism	general	0	Strategic quitting is the secret of successful organizations
godin	work-money	wisdom	general	0	Success comes from doing the hard part. When the hard part is all you've got, you're more likely to do it. And this is precisely why it's difficult to focus. Because focusing means acknowledging that you just signed up for the hard part.
godin	life	wisdom	general	0	Sure, ideas that spread, win, but ideas that dont get spoken always fail.
godin	life	uplifting	general	0	THE RIGHT INFORMATION BRINGS KNOWLEDGE. AND KNOWLEDGE IS POWER. SHARING IT IS EMPOWERMENT.
godin	society	wisdom	general	0	Tearing others down is never as helpful to a movement as building your followers up.
godin	life	quip	general	0	Tell your lizard (brain) to shut up.
godin	work-money	wisdom	general	0	Ten times as much polishing is definitely not ten times as good. Whether you're polishing a piece of furniture or an idea, the benefits diminish quickly. The polishing turns into stalling.
godin	work-money	wisdom	general	0	That's your opportunity--to approach your work in a way that generates unique learning and interactions that are worth sharing.
godin	work-money	quip	general	0	Thats itthree steps: motivate, connect, and leverage.
godin	work-money	observation	general	0	The Cul-de-Sac ( French for "dead end" ) ... is a situation where you work and work and work and nothing much changes
godin	work-money	aphorism	general	0	The Dip creates scarcity; scarcity creates value
godin	work-money	aphorism	general	0	The Dip is the long stretch between beginners luck and real accomplishment. The Dip is the set of artificial screens set up to keep people like you out.
godin	life	wisdom	general	0	The Two Reasons Seeing the Future Is So Difficult Attachment to an outcome combined with the resistance and fear of change.
godin	life	wisdom	general	0	The abundance mindset makes it easier to be graceful.
godin	life	wisdom	general	0	The act of trying to guarantee the success of an innovation is almost certain to make it less likely that it will succeed.
godin	life	quip	general	0	The analysis, based on past events, certainly seems sound. But following your instincts is the only way you're going to do something unsound.
godin	life	uplifting	general	0	The best way to be missed when you're gone, Is to stand for something when you're here
godin	life	wisdom	general	0	The best way to overcome your fear of creativity, brainstorming, intelligent risk-taking, or navigating a tricky situation might be to sprint.
godin	tech	wisdom	general	0	The biggest secret of the Internet is that it is inherently a direct marketing medium. In fact, the Internet is the greatest direct marketing medium of all time.
godin	work-money	dark	general	0	The business model should be such that the employees needed possess the lowest possible level of skill necessary to fulfill the functions for which each is intended.
godin	arts	observation	general	0	The challenge is this: training creative, independent, and innovative artists is new to us.
godin	life	wisdom	general	0	The challenge is to ask a two-part question: What next? What now? Asking is the hard part.
godin	work-money	wisdom	general	0	The challenge is to focus on the work, not on the fear that comes from doing the work.
godin	work-money	aphorism	general	0	The challenge with being an initiator of projects is that you are never, ever done.
godin	life	wisdom	general	0	The challenge, it turns out, isnt in perfecting your ability to know when to start and when to stand by. The challenge is getting into the habit of
godin	arts	wisdom	general	0	The combination of passion and art is what makes someone a linchpin.
godin	work-money	observation	general	0	The connected economy of ideas demands that we contribute initiative. And yet we resist, because our lizard brain, the one that lives in fear, relentlessly exaggerates the cost of being wrong.
godin	work-money	aphorism	general	0	The craftsman and the artist say, Here, I made this. The workingman is asked to follow instructions.
godin	society	quip	general	0	The current (educational) structure, which seeks low-cost uniformity that meets minimum standards, is killing our economy, our culture, and us.
godin	work-money	wisdom	general	0	The desire to fail on the way to reaching a bigger goal is the untold secret of success.
godin	life	wisdom	general	0	The easiest thing is to react. The second easiest thing is to respond. But the hardest thing is to initiate.
godin	society	wisdom	general	0	The epic battle of our generation is between the status quo of mass and the never-ceasing tide of weird.
godin	work-money	wisdom	general	0	The essential thing to know about the Dip is that its there. Knowing that you're facing a Dip is the first step in getting through it.
godin	work-money	wisdom	general	0	The fact is, a bigger badge isnt going to help at all. People arent going to follow you because you order them to.
godin	work-money	quip	general	0	The factory is a dead end and so is compliance. More obedience will not make us better. Thats why graceful is in such demand.
godin	work-money	wisdom	general	0	The future of your organization depends on motivated human beings selflessly contributing unasked-for gifts of emotional labor.
godin	work-money	wisdom	general	0	The goal is to quit the tasks you're doing because you're hiding on behalf of the lizard brain and to push through the very tasks the lizard fears. Is
godin	work-money	wisdom	general	0	The habit of doing more than is necessary can only be earned through practice.
godin	work-money	wisdom	general	0	The industrial age is ending, and a new one is beginning. It produces art instead of stuff and it rewards gracefulness.
godin	work-money	wisdom	general	0	The job isnt to catch up to the status quo; the job is to invent the status quo.
godin	work-money	dark	general	0	The key piece of leverage was this promise: follow these instructions and you dont have to think. Do your job and you dont have to be responsible for decisions. Most of all, you dont have to bring your genius to work.
godin	work-money	quip	general	0	The librarian is the interface between reams of data and the untrained but motivated user.
godin	work-money	wisdom	general	0	The librarian isn't a clerk who happens to work in a library. A librarian is a data hound, a guide, a sherpa and a teacher. The librarian is the interface between reams of data and the untrained but motivated user.
godin	work-money	wisdom	general	0	The linchpin feels the fear, acknowledges it, then proceeds. I can't tell you how to do this; I think the answer is different for everyone. What I can tell you is that in today's economy, doing it is a prerequisite for success.
godin	work-money	wisdom	general	0	The linchpin feels the fear, acknowledges it, then proceeds. I cant tell you how to do this; I think the answer is different for everyone. What I can tell you is that in todays economy, doing it is a prerequisite for success. The
godin	work-money	observation	general	0	The market ... demands a signal from you that you're serious, powerful, accepted, and safe.
godin	society	uplifting	general	0	The new American Dream, though, the one that markets around the world are embracing as fast as they can, is this: Be remarkable Be generous Create art Make judgment calls Connect people and ideas
godin	work-money	quip	general	0	The number one thing to steal from your competitors: Wisdom.
godin	society	wisdom	general	0	The object of the new school is to teach reasonable doubt. Not the unreasonable doubt of the wild-eyed heckler, but the evidence-based doubt of the questioning scientist and the reason-based doubt of the skilled debater.
godin	life	wisdom	general	0	The only purpose of starting is to finish, and while the projects we do are never really finished, they must ship.
godin	work-money	wisdom	general	0	The only thing that makes people and organizations great is their willingness to be not great along the way. The desire to fail on the way to reaching a bigger goal is the untold secret of success.
godin	work-money	wisdom	general	0	The only way to get what you're worth is to stand out, to exert emotional labor, to be seen as indispensable, and to produce interactions that organizations and people care deeply about.
godin	life	wisdom	general	0	The people who are the best in the world specialize at getting really good at the questions they don't know.
godin	life	observation	general	0	The people who skip the hard questions are in the majority, but they are not in demand.
godin	work-money	wisdom	general	0	The problem doesnt lie with the great teachers. Great teachers strive to create linchpins. The problem lies with the system that punishes artists and rewards bureaucrats instead. Here
godin	society	observation	general	0	The problem is that most schools dont like great teachers. Theyre organized to stamp them out, bore them, bureaucratize them, and make them average.
godin	work-money	wisdom	general	0	The problem with competition is that it takes away the requirement to set your own path, to invent your own method, to find a new way.
godin	life	observation	general	0	The problem with meeting expectations is that its not remarkable.
godin	work-money	observation	general	0	The reason Steve Herrells shop did so well is that it was famous for having a line! People brought folks from out of town to have the experience.
godin	arts	wisdom	general	0	The reason you might choose to embrace the artist within you now is that this is the path to (cue the ironic music) security.
godin	work-money	wisdom	general	0	The road to comfort is crowded and it rarely gets you there. Ironically, its those who seek out discomfort that are able to make a difference and find their footing.
godin	life	wisdom	general	0	The secret of being wrong isnt to avoid being wrong! The secret is being willing to be wrong.
godin	life	wisdom	general	0	The secret of being wrong isnt to avoid being wrong! The secret is being willing to be wrong. The secret is realizing that wrong isnt fatal.
godin	work-money	aphorism	general	0	The secret of leadership is simple: Do what you believe in. Paint a picture of the future. Go there.
godin	work-money	wisdom	general	0	The secret of leadership is simple: Do what you believe in. Paint a picture of the future. Go there. People will follow.
godin	life	wisdom	general	0	The secret to being wrong isn't to avoid being wrong! The secret is being willing to be wrong. The secret is realizing that wrong isn't fatal.
godin	work-money	aphorism	general	0	The time to look for a new job is when you don't need one. The time to switch jobs is before it feels comfortable.
godin	life	wisdom	general	0	The value we create is directly related to how much valuable information we can produce, how much trust we can earn, and how often we innovate.
godin	tech	wisdom	edgy	1	The web has made kicking ass easier to achieve, and mediocrity harder to sustain. Mediocrity now howls in protest. The
godin	work-money	wisdom	general	0	Then a deadline arrives and you have to cut it short. Is shipping that important? I think it is. I think the discipline of shipping is essential in the long-term path to becoming indispensable.
godin	work-money	wisdom	general	0	There are fewer and fewer good jobs where you can get paid merely for showing up. Instead, successful organizations are paying for people who make a difference and are shedding everyone else. Just
godin	work-money	observation	general	0	There are no longer any great jobs where someone else tells you precisely what to do.
godin	life	wisdom	general	0	There are two mistakes one can make along the road to truth. Not going all the way, and not starting. Siddhrtha Gautama
godin	work-money	wisdom	general	0	They dont understand that Excellence isnt about working extra hard to do what you're told. Its about taking the initiative to do work you decide is worth doing.
godin	work-money	wisdom	general	0	Theyre building an asset that has nothing to do with brand and everything to do with their relationship with you.
godin	tech	quip	general	0	This is an addictive pastime. You take no real risk, touch the world, and it responds. Repeat.
godin	arts	fact	general	0	Thomas Hawk is the most successful digital photographer in the world. He has taken tens of thousands of pictures, on his way to his goal of taking a million in his lifetime. The
godin	life	wisdom	general	0	Those who fear risk also begin to fear movement of any kind.
godin	life	wisdom	general	0	To be willing to do new things you don't think you'll like requires you to prefer the unknown. Not just tolerate it, but to prefer it.
godin	life	wisdom	general	0	To be willing to do new things you dont think youll like requires you to prefer the unknown. Not just to tolerate it, but to prefer it.
godin	life	wisdom	general	0	Today, not starting is far, far worse than being wrong. If you start, you've got a shot at evolving and adjusting to turn your wrong into a right. But if you don't start, you never get a chance.
godin	work-money	wisdom	general	0	Transferring your passion to your job is far easier than finding a job that happens to match your passion.
godin	society	observation	general	0	Transparency in the traditional school might destroy it.
godin	work-money	wisdom	general	0	Trying to appeal to everyone is almost sure to fail, for the simple reason that everyone wants something different!
godin	life	observation	general	0	Universities no longer spend as much time bragging about the size of their libraries. The
godin	life	wisdom	general	0	Waiting isnt easy, which is precisely why it is so effective when engaging with other people.
godin	life	wisdom	general	0	We believe what we want to believe, and once we believe something, it becomes a self-fulfilling truth.
godin	work-money	observation	general	0	We can schedule for it. Thursday, April 3rd, 3:05start something. We can train for it, plan for it, announce it, and even hire for it. If initiating is as essential to the modern organization as it appears, we better be doing all of that and more.
godin	society	wisdom	general	0	We do not need to teach students to embrace the status quo.
godin	life	observation	general	0	We drink the can, not the beverage.
godin	life	wisdom	general	0	We have little choice but to move beyond quality and seek remarkable, connected, and new. Remarkable, as you've already figured out, demands initiative.
godin	work-money	wisdom	general	0	We have little choice but to move beyond quality and seek remarkable, connected, and new. Remarkable, as youve already figured out, demands initiative.
godin	arts	wisdom	general	0	We need librarians more than we ever did. What we don't need are mere clerks who guard dead paper. Librarians are too important to be a dwindling voice in our culture. For the right librarian, this is the chance of a lifetime.
godin	life	wisdom	general	0	We need students who can learn how to learn, who can discover how to push themselves and are generous enough and honest enough to engage with the outside world to make those dreams happen.
godin	work-money	quip	general	0	We seek out experiences and products that deliver more value, more connection, and more experience, and change us for the better.
godin	society	observation	general	0	We vote for a presidential candidate without saying, Why not run the country for a month and then well see . .
godin	work-money	observation	general	0	Were all obsessed with ideas because ideas, not products, are the engine of our new economy.
godin	life	wisdom	general	0	Were extremely adroit at hiding our fear. Most of our lives in public are spent papering over, rationalizing, and otherwise denying our fear. We go to war because were afraid, and we often go to spiritual events for the very same reason.
godin	life	quip	general	0	What They Should Teach in School Only two things: 1. Solve interesting problems 2. Lead SOLVE
godin	work-money	observation	general	0	What happens when the world cares more about unique voices and remarkable insights than it does about cheap labor
godin	society	wisdom	general	0	What is school for? If you're not asking that, you're wasting time and money.
godin	life	observation	general	0	What people are afraid of isnt failure. Its blame. Criticism.
godin	work-money	wisdom	general	0	Whatever the status quo is, changing it gives you the opportunity to be remarkable.
godin	society	observation	general	0	When access to information was limited, we needed to load student sup with facts. Now, when we have no scarcity of facts or the access to them, we need to load them up with understanding.
godin	arts	wisdom	general	0	When we try to drill and practice someone into subservient obedience, were stamping out the artist that lives within.
godin	work-money	wisdom	general	0	When you are leading a tribe, a tribe that you belong to, the benefits increase, the work gets easier, and the results are more obvious. Thats the best reason to overcome the fear.
godin	work-money	wisdom	general	0	When you hire amazing people and give them freedom, they do amazing stuff. And
godin	life	wisdom	general	0	When you learn to listen to your fear, youve found a compass that can show you what matters.
godin	life	quip	general	0	When you meet someone, you need to have a superpower.
godin	arts	wisdom	general	0	When you set down the path to create art, whatever sort of art it is, understand that the path is neither short not easy. That means you must determine if the route is worth the effort. If it's not, dream bigger.
godin	health-body	observation	general	0	When you work under the cloud of anxiety, the best strategy is to play it safe, because if (when!) it fails, youll be blameless.
godin	arts	wisdom	general	0	When your art fails, make better art.
godin	work-money	wisdom	general	0	When your organization becomes more human, more remarkable, faster on its feet, and more likely to connect directly with customers, it becomes indispensable. The very thing that made your employee a linchpin makes YOU a linchpin.
godin	arts	quip	general	0	Where did your art go while you were tweeting?
godin	work-money	observation	general	0	Why are you easily replaceable at one venue but not the other? Are you charming when you go on a date or meet a handsome guy at a party? But not at a meeting at work?
godin	work-money	quip	general	0	Winners quit fast, quit often, and quit without guilt
godin	life	wisdom	general	0	With limited time or opportunity to experiment, we intentionally narrow our choices to those at the top.
godin	life	wisdom	general	0	Wouldn't it be great to be gifted? In fact... It turns out that choices lead to habits. Habits become talents. Talents are labeled gifts. You're not born this way, you get this way.
godin	arts	aphorism	general	0	Write like you talk. Often.
godin	life	wisdom	general	0	You become a winner because you're good at losing.
godin	tech	quip	general	0	You can create dozens or even hundreds of paths for an individual to follow from the first contact until the highest level of permission is granted.
godin	work-money	wisdom	general	0	You can keep waiting to get plucked from obscurity, or you can learn how to champion your project one person at a time.
godin	work-money	wisdom	general	0	You can't win by being more average than average.
godin	arts	wisdom	general	0	You cannot create a piece of art merely for money. Doing it as part of commerce so denudes art of wonder that it ceases to be art.
godin	work-money	wisdom	general	0	You do not equal the project. Criticism of the project is not criticism of you.
godin	work-money	wisdom	general	0	You dont become indispensable merely because you are different. But the only way to be indispensable is to be different. Thats because if you're the same, so are plenty of other people.
godin	arts	wisdom	general	0	You get to keep making art as long as you are willing to make the choices that let you make your art.
godin	life	uplifting	general	0	You have everything you need to build something far bigger than yourself.
godin	work-money	quip	general	0	You need editors, not brand managers,who will push the envelope to make [a brand media property] go forward.
godin	life	wisdom	general	0	You will fail at this. Often. Why is that a problem? In fact, this is a boon. Its a boon because when others fail to be remarkable or make a difference or share their art or have an impact, they will give up.
godin	life	wisdom	general	0	You will never become a category of one if you run with the pack.
godin	work-money	wisdom	general	0	Your business has to work when its small in order to survive to the point where it gets big.
godin	work-money	wisdom	general	0	Your first mistake might be assuming that people are rational. Your second mistake could be assuming that people are eager for change. And the marketer's third mistake is assuming that once someone knows things the way you know them, they will choose what you chose.
godin	work-money	wisdom	general	0	Your job isnt to do your job. Your job is to decide what to do next.
godin	life	uplifting	general	0	Your story is a symphony, not a note.
godin	work-money	observation	general	0	as consumers, were too busy to pay attention to advertising, but were desperate to find good stuff that solves our problems.
godin	life	wisdom	general	0	begin to realize that the safest thing you can do feels risky and the riskiest thing you can do is play it safe.
godin	life	wisdom	general	0	believe that giving up is the same thing as being realistic.
godin	work-money	quip	general	0	consumers, were too busy to pay attention to advertising, but were desperate to find good stuff that solves our problems.
godin	work-money	quip	general	0	durability of customer relationships. Invest money in customer retention, because its a small fraction of the cost of customer acquisition.
godin	life	wisdom	general	0	el nico freno que te impide convertirte en la clase de persona que cambia las cosas es este: la falta de fe. Fe en que puedes hacerlo. Fe en que vale la pena hacerlo. Fe en que un fracaso no acabar contigo.
godin	nature	wisdom	general	0	farmer will tell you that fertile land is much more important than better seeds.)
godin	life	uplifting	general	0	if it scares you, it might be a good thing to try
godin	work-money	quip	general	0	in every organization everyone rises to the level at which they become paralyzed with fear.
godin	work-money	observation	general	0	industry the most trusted brand is also the most profitable.
godin	life	observation	general	0	insulation prevents you from making the change and finding the understanding you set out to achieve in the first place.
godin	life	quip	general	0	lifehacker.com
godin	work-money	observation	general	0	marketers have turned advertising into an interactive process. Using relationships and frequency and permission
godin	work-money	wisdom	general	0	most competitors quit long before theyve created something that makes it to the top.
godin	life	quip	general	0	orr we find a typo in a book.
godin	work-money	aphorism	general	0	past performance is no guarantee of future success.
godin	life	quip	general	0	strategy is empty without change, empty without passion, and empty without people willing to confront the void.
godin	society	wisdom	general	0	students today are educated collecting dots. Almost none of it spent teaching them the skills necessary to connect dots. The magic of connecting dots is that once you learn the techniques, the dots can change but youll still be good at connecting them.
godin	life	quip	general	0	stupid, and
godin	life	aphorism	general	0	the best time to start was last year. The second best time to start is right now.
godin	work-money	aphorism	general	0	the new form of marketing is leadership, and leadership is about building and connecting tribes of like-minded people.
godin	life	observation	general	0	the new thing is rarely as good as the old thing was. If you need the alternative to be better than the status quo from the very start, you'll never begin.
godin	society	quip	general	0	theres a difference between telling people what to do and inciting a movement.
godin	tech	wisdom	general	0	were seeing an explosion in new approaches, new models and new forms of interaction. This growth comes from change, insight and exploration, not obedience.
godin	life	wisdom	general	0	while luck may be more appealing than effort, you dont get to choose luck. Effort, on the other hand, is totally available, all the time.
godin	work-money	observation	general	0	workers into machines. If we can measure it, we can do it faster. If we can put it in a manual, we can outsource it. If we can outsource it, we can get it cheaper.
