quotable	faith	wisdom	general	0	'All conditioned things are impermanent' - when one sees this with wisdom, one turns away from suffering.
quotable	faith	wisdom	general	0	'As I am, so are these. As are these, so am I.' Drawing the parallel to yourself, neither kill nor get others to kill.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	'As I am, so are they; as they are, so am I.' Comparing others with oneself, do not kill nor cause others to kill.
quotable	work-money	wisdom	general	0	A brand for a company is like a reputation for a person. You earn reputation by trying to do hard things well.
quotable	work-money	aphorism	general	0	A business that makes nothing but money is a poor business.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	A day of worry is more exhausting than a day of work.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	A disciplined mind brings happiness.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	A dream is your creative vision for your life in the future. You must break out of your current comfort zone and become comfortable with the unfamiliar and the unknown.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	A failure is a man who has blundered but is not capable of cashing in on the experience.
quotable	arts	wisdom	general	0	A fine quotation is a diamond on the finger of a man of wit, and a pebble in the hand of a fool.
quotable	society	aphorism	general	0	A friend in power is a friend lost.
quotable	love	aphorism	general	0	A friend is a gift you give yourself.
quotable	love	wisdom	general	0	A friend is one who knows you and loves you just the same.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	A friend is someone who gives you total freedom to be yourself.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	A friend is what the heart needs all the time.
quotable	love	aphorism	general	0	A friend is, as it were, a second self.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	A friend may well be reckoned the masterpiece of nature.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	A friend to all is a friend to none.
quotable	work-money	aphorism	general	0	A friendship founded on business is better than a business founded on friendship.
quotable	nature	wisdom	general	0	A garden is always a series of losses set against a few triumphs, like life itself.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	A goal is a dream with a deadline.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	A goal without a plan is just a wish.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	A good decision is based on knowledge and not on numbers.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	A good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	A good hockey player plays where the puck is. A great hockey player plays where the puck is going to be.
quotable	work-money	aphorism	general	0	A good plan violently executed now is better than a perfect plan executed next week.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	A heart well prepared for adversity in bad times hopes, and in good times fears for a change in fortune.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	A hero is no braver than an ordinary man, but he is braver five minutes longer.
quotable	society	aphorism	general	0	A house divided against itself cannot stand.
quotable	work-money	wisdom	general	0	A leader is best when people barely know he exists, when his work is done, his aim fulfilled, they will say: we did it ourselves.
quotable	work-money	aphorism	general	0	A leader is one who knows the way, goes the way, and shows the way.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	A leader or a man of action in a crisis almost always acts subconsciously and then thinks of the reasons for his action.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	A lie gets halfway around the world before the truth has a chance to get its pants on.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	A little knowledge that acts is worth infinitely more than much knowledge that is idle.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	A little more persistence, a little more effort, and what seemed hopeless failure may turn to glorious success.
quotable	society	wisdom	general	0	A long habit of not thinking a thing wrong gives it a superficial appearance of being right.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	A lot of people give up just before theyre about to make it. You know you never know when that next obstacle is going to be the last one.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	A lot of times people look at the negative side of what they feel they can't do. I always look on the positive side of what I can do.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	A man cannot be said to succeed in this life who does not satisfy one friend.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	A man is great by deeds, not by birth.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	A man is not old as long as he is seeking something.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	A man may fulfil the object of his existence by asking a question he cannot answer and attempting a task he cannot achieve.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	A man must be big enough to admit his mistakes, smart enough to profit from them, and strong enough to correct them.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	A man sees in the world what he carries in his heart.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	A man should look for what is, and not for what he thinks should be.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	A man who doesn't trust himself can never really trust anyone else.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	A man's growth is seen in the successive choirs of his friends
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	A mind unruffled by the vagaries of fortune, from sorrow freed, from defilements cleansed, from fear liberated - this is the greatest blessing.
quotable	society	wisdom	general	0	A monarchy conducted with infinite wisdom and infinite benevolence is the most perfect of all possible governments.
quotable	faith	wisdom	general	0	A noble one produces an abundance of merit by having a compassionate mind towards all living beings.
quotable	society	wisdom	general	0	A passion for politics stems usually from an insatiable need, either for power, or for friendship and adulation, or a combination of both.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new.
quotable	arts	wisdom	general	0	A poem begins in delight and ends in wisdom.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	A prudent question is one half of wisdom.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	A quarrel between friends, when made up, adds a new tie to friendship.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	A real friend is one who walks in when the rest of the world walks out.
quotable	arts	aphorism	general	0	A really great talent finds its happiness in execution.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	A rolling stone gathers no moss.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	A ruffled mind makes a restless pillow.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	A short saying often contains much wisdom.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	A single lamp may light hundreds of thousands of lamps without itself being diminished.
quotable	love	aphorism	general	0	A single rose can be my garden... a single friend, my world.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	A subtle thought that is in error may yet give rise to fruitful inquiry that can establish truths of great value.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	A successful person is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks that others throw at him or her.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	A thing long expected takes the form of the unexpected when at last it comes.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	A thing well said will be wit in all languages.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	A tree is known by its fruit; a man by his deeds. A good deed is never lost; he who sows courtesy reaps friendship, and he who plants kindness gathers love.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	A true friend freely, advises justly, assists readily, adventures boldly, takes all patiently, defends courageously, and continues a friend unchangeably.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	A true friend is one who overlooks your failures and tolerates your success!
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	A true friend is someone who is there for you when he'd rather be anywhere else.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	A true friend is the greatest of all blessings, and that which we take the least care of all to acquire.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	A true friend is the most precious of all possessions and the one we take the least thought about acquiring.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	A wise man can learn more from a foolish question than a fool can learn from a wise answer.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	A wise man is superior to any insults which can be put upon him, and the best reply to unseemly behavior is patience and moderation.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	A wise man will make more opportunities than he finds.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	A wise person should be urgently moved on occasions that make for urgency.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Ability is what you're capable of doing. Motivation determines what you do. Attitude determines how well you do it.
quotable	work-money	aphorism	general	0	Ability will never catch up with the demand for it.
quotable	love	aphorism	general	0	Absence makes the heart grow fonder.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Accept challenges, so that you may feel the exhilaration of victory.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Accept the challenges so that you can feel the exhilaration of victory.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Accept the things to which fate binds you and love the people with whom fate brings you together but do so with all your heart.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Acquaintances we meet, enjoy, and can easily leave behind; but friendship grows deep roots.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Action is eloquence.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Action is the foundational key to all success.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Action may not always bring happiness; but there is no happiness without action.
quotable	nature	wisdom	general	0	Adopt the pace of nature: her secret is patience.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Adversity causes some men to break, others to break records.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Adversity has the effect of eliciting talents, which in prosperous circumstances would have lain dormant.
quotable	nature	wisdom	general	0	Aerodynamically the bumblebee shouldn't be able to fly, but the bumblebee doesn't know that, so it goes on flying anyway.
quotable	love	wisdom	general	0	Age does not protect you from love. But love, to some extent, protects you from age.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Aim for the moon. If you miss, you may hit a star.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	All I can say about life is, Oh God, enjoy it!
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	All I required to be happy was friendship and people I could admire.
quotable	work-money	wisdom	general	0	All achievements, all earned riches, have their beginning in an idea.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	All action results from thought, so it is thoughts that matter.
quotable	arts	wisdom	general	0	All children are artists. The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	All difficult things have their origin in that which is easy, and great things in that which is small.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	All experiences are preceded by mind, having mind as their master, created by mind.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	All fixed set patterns are incapable of adaptability or pliability. The truth is outside of all fixed patterns.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	All great achievements require time.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	All great men are gifted with intuition. They know without reasoning or analysis, what they need to know.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	All human wisdom is summed up in two words; wait and hope.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	All is flux; nothing stays still.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	All know the way; few actually walk it.
quotable	love	aphorism	general	0	All love that has not friendship for its base, is like a mansion built upon the sand.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	All men have a sweetness in their life. That is what helps them go on. It is towards that they turn when they feel too worn out.
quotable	tech	observation	general	0	All of our technology is completely unnecessary to a happy life.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	All our knowledge begins with the senses, proceeds then to the understanding, and ends with reason. There is nothing higher than reason.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	All our knowledge has its origins in our perceptions.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	All our talents increase in the using, and every faculty, both good and bad, strengthen by exercise.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	All perceiving is also thinking, all reasoning is also intuition, all observation is also invention.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	All phenomena are preceded by the mind, created by the mind, and have the mind as their master.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	All serious daring starts from within.
quotable	family	uplifting	general	0	All that I am, or hope to be, I owe to my angel mother.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	All that is necessary is to accept the impossible, do without the indispensable, and bear the intolerable.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	All that we see or seem is but a dream within a dream.
quotable	arts	observation	general	0	All the great performers I have worked with are fueled by a personal dream.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	All the great things are simple, and many can be expressed in a single word: freedom, justice, honor, duty, mercy, hope.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	All the world is a stage, And all the men and women merely players. They have their exits and entrances; Each man in his time plays many parts.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	All things change; nothing perishes.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	All things must come to the soul from its roots, from where it is planted.
quotable	tech	observation	general	0	All this modern technology just makes people try to do everything at once.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	All this worldly wisdom was once the unamiable heresy of some wise man.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	All tremble at violence; all fear death. Putting oneself in the place of another, one should not kill nor cause another to kill.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	All truths are easy to understand once they are discovered; the point is to discover them.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	All wisdom does not reside in Delhi.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Allow the world to live as it chooses, and allow yourself to live as you choose.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Almost everything comes from nothing.
quotable	work-money	aphorism	general	0	Along with success comes a reputation for wisdom.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Although there may be tragedy in your life, there's always a possibility to triumph. It doesn't matter who you are, where you come from. The ability to triumph begins with you. Always.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Always be a first-rate version of yourself, instead of a second-rate version of somebody else.
quotable	work-money	aphorism	general	0	Always be smarter than the people who hire you.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Always be yourself, express yourself, have faith in yourself, do not go out and look for a successful personality and duplicate it.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any one thing.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Always keep an open mind and a compassionate heart.
quotable	faith	wisdom	general	0	Always keep your mind as bright and clear as the vast sky, the great ocean, and the highest peak, empty of all thoughts. Always keep your body filled with light and heat. Fill yourself with the power of wisdom and enlightenment.
quotable	life	quip	general	0	Always remember that you are absolutely unique. Just like everyone else.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Always seek out the seed of triumph in every adversity.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Always tell the truth. That way, you don't have to remember what you said.
quotable	faith	wisdom	general	0	America's freedom of religion, and freedom from religion, offers every wisdom tradition an opportunity to address our soul-deep needs: Christianity, Judaism, Islam, Buddhism, Hinduism, secular humanism, agnosticism and atheism among others.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	An ant on the move does more than a dozing ox
quotable	society	aphorism	general	0	An appeaser is one who feeds a crocodile, hoping it will eat him last.
quotable	work-money	observation	general	0	An economist is an expert who will know tomorrow why the things he predicted yesterday didn't happen today.
quotable	society	wisdom	general	0	An invasion of armies can be resisted, but not an idea whose time has come.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	An invincible determination can accomplish almost anything and in this lies the great distinction between great men and little men.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	An optimist is a person who sees a green light everywhere, while the pessimist sees only the red spotlight... The truly wise person is color-blind.
quotable	work-money	aphorism	general	0	An organization's ability to learn, and translate that learning into action rapidly, is the ultimate competitive advantage.
quotable	work-money	wisdom	general	0	An organization, no matter how well designed, is only as good as the people who live and work in it.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	An ounce of emotion is equal to a ton of facts.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	And as we let our own light shine, we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same.
quotable	faith	wisdom	general	0	And the attitude of faith is the very opposite of clinging to belief, of holding on.
quotable	faith	wisdom	general	0	And when the world is created, it is created in such a way that those eternal objects of God's loving wisdom become actualities - interacting with one another, relating to God in the finite realm.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Anticipate the difficult by managing the easy.
quotable	tech	wisdom	general	0	Any sufficiently advanced technology is equivalent to magic.
quotable	society	quip	general	0	Anybody can make history. Only a great man can write it.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Anyone who doesn't take truth seriously in small matters cannot be trusted in large ones either.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Anything you really want, you can attain, if you really go after it.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Appearances are often deceiving.
quotable	arts	quip	general	0	Applause is a receipt, not a bill.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Appreciation can make a day, even change a life. Your willingness to put it into words is all that is necessary.
quotable	faith	wisdom	general	0	Appreciation is the highest form of prayer, for it acknowledges the presence of good wherever you shine the light of your thankful thoughts.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Ardently do today what must be done. Who knows? Tomorrow, death comes.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Argue for your limitations, and sure enough they're yours.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Arriving at one point is the starting point to another.
quotable	work-money	quip	general	0	As a cure for worrying, work is better than whisky.
quotable	arts	wisdom	general	0	As a technology, the book is like a hammer. That is to say, it is perfect: a tool ideally suited to its task. Hammers can be tweaked and varied but will never go obsolete. Even when builders pound nails by the thousand with pneumatic nail guns, every household needs a hammer.
quotable	faith	wisdom	general	0	As a water bead on a lotus leaf, as water on a red lily, does not adhere, so the sage does not adhere to the seen, the heard, or the sensed.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	As an elephant in the battlefield withstands arrows shot from bows all around, even so shall I endure abuse.
quotable	society	wisdom	general	0	As an organizer I start from where the world is, as it is, not as I would like it to be.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	As we are liberated from our own fear, our presence automatically liberates others.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	As you think, so shall you become.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	As you walk down the fairway of life you must smell the roses, for you only get to play one round.
quotable	faith	uplifting	general	0	As you walk in God's divine wisdom, you will surely begin to see a greater measure of victory and good success in your life.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Ask yourself the secret of your success. Listen to your answer and practice it.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	At the center of your being, you have the answer; you know who you are, and you know what you want.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference.
quotable	nature	wisdom	general	0	Autumn is a second spring when every leaf is a flower.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Avoid having your ego so close to your position that when your position falls, your ego goes with it.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Bad things are not the worst things that can happen to us. Nothing is the worst thing that can happen to us!
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Bad times have a scientific value. These are occasions a good learner would not miss.
quotable	life	observation	general	0	Baseball is the only field of endeavor where a man can succeed three times out of ten and be considered a good performer.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Be Impeccable with Your Word. Speak with integrity. Say only what you mean. Avoid using the word to speak against yourself or to gossip about others. Use the power of your word in the direction of truth and love.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Be as you wish to seem.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Be content with your lot; one cannot be first in everything.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Be courteous to all, but intimate with few, and let those few be well tried before you give them your confidence.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Be glad of life because it gives you the chance to love, to work, to play, and to look up at the stars.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Be great in act, as you have been in thought.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Be here now. Be someplace else later. Is that so complicated?
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Be less curious about people and more curious about ideas.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Be like the flower, turn your face to the sun.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Be not afraid of greatness: some are born great, some achieve greatness, and some have greatness thrust upon them.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Be not angry that you cannot make others as you wish them to be, since you cannot make yourself as you wish to be.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Be slow in choosing a friend, slower in changing.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Be slow of tongue and quick of eye.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Be slow to fall into friendship; but when thou art in, continue firm and constant.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Be sure you put your feet in the right place, then stand firm.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Be the change that you want to see in the world.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Be the chief but never the lord.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Be true to yourself, help others, make each day your masterpiece, make friendship a fine art, drink deeply from good books - especially the Bible, build a shelter against a rainy day, give thanks for your blessings and pray for guidance every day.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Be your own hero, it's cheaper than a movie ticket.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Beauty is not in the face; beauty is a light in the heart.
quotable	faith	quip	general	0	Before God we are all equally wise - and equally foolish.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Before we acquire great power, we must acquire wisdom to use it well.
quotable	arts	wisdom	general	0	Before you can inspire with emotion, you must be swamped with it yourself. Before you can move their tears, your own must flow. To convince them, you must yourself believe.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Before you put on a frown, make absolutely sure there are no smiles available.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Begin at once to live and count each separate day as a separate life.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Begin, be bold, and venture to be wise.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Beginning today, treat everyone you meet as if they were going to be dead by midnight. Extend to them all the care, kindness and understanding you can muster, and do it with no thought of any reward. Your life will never be the same again.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Being entirely honest with oneself is a good exercise.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Being in humaneness is good. If we select other goodness and thus are far apart from humaneness, how can we be the wise?
quotable	faith	wisdom	general	0	Belief consists in accepting the affirmations of the soul; Unbelief, in denying them.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Believe deep down in your heart that you're destined to do great things.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Believe in yourself! Have faith in your abilities! Without a humble but reasonable confidence in your own powers you cannot be successful or happy.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Believe you can and you're halfway there.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Better be ignorant of a matter than half know it.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Better be wise by the misfortunes of others than by your own.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Better it is to live one day seeing the rise and fall of things than to live a hundred years without ever seeing the rise and fall of things.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Better than a thousand hollow words, is one word that brings peace.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Better than a thousand useless words is one useful word, upon hearing which one attains peace.
quotable	love	aphorism	general	0	Better to have loved and lost, than to have never loved at all.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Between saying and doing, many a pair of shoes is worn out.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Beware lest you lose the substance by grasping at the shadow.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Beware of false knowledge; it is more dangerous than ignorance.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Beware of missing chances; otherwise it may be altogether too late someday.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Blessed are the hearts that can bend; they shall never be broken.
quotable	life	quip	general	0	Blessed is the man who expects nothing, for he shall never be disappointed.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Bodily exercise, when compulsory, does no harm to the body; but knowledge which is acquired under compulsion obtains no hold on the mind.
quotable	faith	wisdom	general	0	Both formerly and now, it is only suffering that I describe, and the cessation of suffering.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Build a better mousetrap and the world will beat a path to your door.
quotable	work-money	wisdom	general	0	Business, you know, may bring you money, but friendship hardly ever does.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	But I'll tell you what hermits realize. If you go off into a far, far forest and get very quiet, you'll come to understand that you're connected with everything.
quotable	faith	wisdom	general	0	But at any rate, the point is that God is what nobody admits to being, and everybody really is.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	But friendship is precious, not only in the shade, but in the sunshine of life, and thanks to a benevolent arrangement the greater part of life is sunshine.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	But man is not made for defeat. A man can be destroyed but not defeated.
quotable	faith	wisdom	general	0	But the attitude of faith is to let go, and become open to truth, whatever it might turn out to be.
quotable	society	wisdom	general	0	But what is liberty without wisdom, and without virtue? It is the greatest of all possible evils; for it is folly, vice, and madness, without tuition or restraint.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	By accepting yourself and being fully what you are, your presence can make others happy.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	By believing passionately in something that does not yet exist, we create it.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	By going beyond your own problems and taking care of others, you gain inner strength, self-confidence, courage, and a greater sense of calm.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	By letting it go it all gets done. The world is won by those who let it go. But when you try and try. The world is beyond the winning.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	By living deeply in the present moment we can understand the past better and we can prepare for a better future.
quotable	life	observation	general	0	By nature, man hates change; seldom will he quit his old home till it has actually fallen around his ears.
quotable	faith	wisdom	general	0	By oneself is evil done; by oneself is one defiled. By oneself is evil left undone; by oneself is one made pure.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	By three methods we may learn wisdom: First, by reflection, which is noblest; Second, by imitation, which is easiest; and third by experience, which is the bitterest.
quotable	love	wisdom	general	0	Can miles truly separate you from friends... If you want to be with someone you love, aren't you already there?
quotable	life	quip	general	0	Can you imagine what I would do if I could do all I can?
quotable	faith	wisdom	general	0	Ceasing to do evil, Cultivating the good, Purifying the heart: This is the teaching of the Buddhas.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Champions keep playing until they get it right.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Chance is always powerful. Let your hook be always cast; in the pool where you least expect it, there will be a fish.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Change in all things is sweet.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future.
quotable	society	wisdom	general	0	Change will not come if we wait for some other person or some other time. We are the ones we've been waiting for. We are the change that we seek.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Change your life today. Don't gamble on the future, act now, without delay.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Chaos and Order are not enemies, only opposites.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Character cannot be developed in ease and quiet. Only through experience of trial and suffering can the soul be strengthened, vision cleared, ambition inspired, and success achieved.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Character develops itself in the stream of life.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Character is like a tree and reputation like a shadow. The shadow is what we think of it; the tree is the real thing.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Cherish your visions and your dreams as they are the children of your soul; the blueprints of your ultimate achievements.
quotable	work-money	aphorism	general	0	Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Cleverness is not wisdom.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Coming together is a beginning; keeping together is progress; working together is success.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Commitment is an act, not a word.
quotable	tech	wisdom	general	0	Communications tools don't get socially interesting until they get technologically boring.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Compassion and happiness are not a sign of weakness but a sign of strength.
quotable	tech	pun	general	0	Computers are like bikinis. They save people a lot of guesswork.
quotable	tech	quip	general	0	Computers are useless. They can only give you answers.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Conditions fall apart. Persist with diligence.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Conflict is the gadfly of thought. It stirs us to observation and memory. It instigates to invention. It shocks us out of sheeplike passivity, and sets us at noting and contriving.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Conquer anger with non-anger. Conquer badness with goodness. Conquer meanness with generosity. Conquer dishonesty with truth.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Consider that not only do negative thoughts and emotions destroy our experience of peace, but they also undermine our health.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Constant kindness can accomplish much. As the sun makes ice melt, kindness causes misunderstanding, mistrust, and hostility to evaporate.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Consult not your fears but your hopes and your dreams. Think not about your frustrations, but about your unfulfilled potential. Concern yourself not with what you tried and failed in, but with what it is still possible for you to do.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Continuous effort - not strength or intelligence - is the key to unlocking our potential.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Correction does much, but encouragement does more.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Courage is going from failure to failure without losing enthusiasm.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Courage is not the absence of fear, but simply moving on with dignity despite that fear.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Courage is rightly esteemed the first of human qualities... because it is the quality which guarantees all others.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak; courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen.
quotable	arts	wisdom	general	0	Creativity comes from trust. Trust your instincts. And never hope more than you work.
quotable	life	quip	general	0	Criticism is something you can easily avoid by saying nothing, doing nothing, and being nothing.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Cunning... is but the low mimic of wisdom.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Decision is a risk rooted in the courage of being free.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Delight in heedfulness! Guard well your thoughts!
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Difficulties are meant to rouse, not discourage. The human spirit is to grow strong by conflict.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Difficulties are things that show a person what they are.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Difficulties increase the nearer we get to the goal.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment.
quotable	science	wisdom	general	0	Discovery consists of seeing what everybody has seen and thinking what nobody else has thought.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Divide each difficulty into as many parts as is feasible and necessary to resolve it.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Do I speak at the right time, or not? Do I speak of facts, or not? Do I speak gently or harshly? Do I speak profitable words or not? Do I speak with a kindly heart, or inwardly malicious?
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Do all things with love.
quotable	life	quip	general	0	Do good by stealth, and blush to find it fame.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Do more than dream: work.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Do not be embarrassed by your mistakes. Nothing can teach us better than our understanding of them. This is one of the best ways of self-education.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Do not be too timid and squeamish about your reactions. All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make the better.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Do not follow where the path may lead. Go, instead, where there is no path and leave a trail.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Do not give your attention to what others do or fail to do; give it to what you do or fail to do.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Do not mind anything that anyone tells you about anyone else. Judge everyone and everything for yourself.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Do not scorn what you have received, nor envy the gains of others. He who envies others does not obtain peace of mind.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Do not turn back when you are just at the goal.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Do not wait for leaders; do it alone, person to person.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Do not wait; the time will never be 'just right.' Start where you stand, and work with whatever tools you may have at your command, and better tools will be found as you go along.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Do not waste yourself in rejection, nor bark against the bad, but chant the beauty of the good.
quotable	science	quip	general	0	Do not worry about your difficulties in Mathematics. I can assure you mine are still greater.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Do one thing every day that scares you.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Do something wonderful, people may imitate it.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Do the difficult things while they are easy and do the great things while they are small. A journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Do the one thing you think you cannot do. Fail at it. Try again. Do better the second time. The only people who never tumble are those who never mount the high wire. This is your moment. Own it.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Do what you can. Want what you have. Be who you are.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Do you know what my favorite part of the game is? The opportunity to play.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Do you want to know who you are? Don't ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you.
quotable	life	dark	general	0	Does wisdom perhaps appear on the earth as a raven which is inspired by the smell of carrion?
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Doing nothing is better than being busy doing nothing.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Doing what you love is the cornerstone of having abundance in your life.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Don't be afraid to go out on a limb. That's where the fruit is.
quotable	love	wisdom	general	0	Don't be dismayed by good-byes. A farewell is necessary before you can meet again. And meeting again, after moments or lifetimes, is certain for those who are friends.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Don't believe what your eyes are telling you. All they show is limitation. Look with your understanding, find out what you already know, and you'll see the way to fly.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Don't compromise yourself. You are all you've got.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Don't cry because it's over. Smile because it happened.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Don't leave a stone unturned. It's always something, to know you have done the most you could.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Don't look back. Something might be gaining on you.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Don't ruin the present with the ruined past.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Don't sacrifice your own welfare for that of another, no matter how great. Realizing your own true welfare, be intent on just that.
quotable	love	aphorism	general	0	Don't settle for a relationship that won't let you be yourself.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Don't smother each other. No one can grow in the shade.
quotable	life	quip	general	0	Don't talk about what you have done or what you are going to do.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Don't turn away from possible futures before you're certain you don't have anything to learn from them.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Don't wait. The time will never be just right.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going.
quotable	tech	wisdom	general	0	Don't worry about people stealing your ideas. If your ideas are any good, you'll have to ram them down people's throats.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Dost thou love life? Then do not squander time, for that is the stuff life is made of.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Dreams come true. Without that possibility, nature would not incite us to have them.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Dreams pass into the reality of action. From the actions stems the dream again; and this interdependence produces the highest form of living.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Drop by drop is the water pot filled. Likewise, the wise man, gathering it little by little, fills himself with good.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Each day provides its own gifts.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Each friend represents a world in us, a world not born until they arrive, and it is only by this meeting that a new world is born.
quotable	work-money	wisdom	general	0	Each man has his own vocation; his talent is his call. There is one direction in which all space is open to him.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Each misfortune you encounter will carry in it the seed of tomorrows good luck.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Edison failed 10,000 times before he made the electric light. Do not be discouraged if you fail a few times.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.
quotable	work-money	wisdom	general	0	Efficiency is doing things right; effectiveness is doing the right things.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Effort only fully releases its reward after a person refuses to quit.
quotable	work-money	aphorism	general	0	Eighty percent of success is showing up.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Either I will find a way, or I will make one.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Either you run the day or the day runs you.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Error is discipline through which we advance.
quotable	life	dark	general	0	Eternal nothingness is fine if you happen to be dressed for it.
quotable	science	wisdom	general	0	Ethical axioms are found and tested not very differently from the axioms of science. Truth is what stands the test of experience.
quotable	tech	wisdom	general	0	Ethics change with technology.
quotable	nature	wisdom	general	0	Even an animal, if you show genuine affection, gradually trust develops... If you always showing bad face and beating, how can you develop friendship?
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Even if you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Even youngish men can acquire wisdom as time goes by.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Ever tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try Again. Fail again. Fail better.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Every adversity, every failure, every heartache carries with it the seed of an equal or greater benefit.
quotable	arts	wisdom	general	0	Every artist dips his brush in his own soul, and paints his own nature into his pictures.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Every day I remind myself that my inner and outer life are based on the labors of other men, living and dead, and that I must exert myself in order to give in the same measure as I have received and am still receiving.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Every day is a new opportunity. You can build on yesterday's success or put its failures behind and start over again. That's the way life is, with a new game every day, and that's the way baseball is.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Every friendship goes through ups and downs. Dysfunctional patterns set in; external situations cause internal friction; you grow apart and then bounce back together.
quotable	love	wisdom	general	0	Every friendship is different because everyone's personality is different.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Every gift from a friend is a wish for your happiness.
quotable	science	wisdom	general	0	Every great advance in science has issued from a new audacity of the imagination.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Every great dream begins with a dreamer. Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience, and the passion to reach for the stars to change the world.
quotable	life	aphorism	edgy	1	Every man is a damn fool for at least five minutes every day; wisdom consists in not exceeding the limit.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Every man is a volume if you know how to read him.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Every man takes the limits of his own field of vision for the limits of the world.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Every person, all the events of your life are there because you have drawn them there. What you choose to do with them is up to you.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Every problem has a gift for you in its hands.
quotable	love	uplifting	general	0	Every time you smile at someone, it is an action of love, a gift to that person, a beautiful thing.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Everyone has an invisible sign hanging from their neck saying, 'Make me feel important.' Never forget this message when working with people.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Everyone has been made for some particular work, and the desire for that work has been put in every heart.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Everything comes to him who hustles while he waits.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it.
quotable	science	wisdom	general	0	Everything in the universe goes by indirection. There are no straight lines.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Everything that exists is in a manner the seed of that which will be.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Everything that happens as it should, and if you observe carefully, you will find this to be so.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to a better understanding of ourselves.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Everything we hear is an opinion, not a fact. Everything we see is a perspective, not the truth.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Everything you are against weakens you. Everything you are for empowers you.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Everything you can imagine is real.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Excellence is not a skill. It is an attitude.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Excellence is to do a common thing in an uncommon way.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Excellence, then, is a state concerned with choice, lying in a mean, relative to us, this being determined by reason and in the way in which the man of practical wisdom would determine it.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Experience is not what happens to a man. It is what a man does with what happens to him.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Experience is not what happens to you; it's what you do with what happens to you.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Experience is simply the name we give our mistakes.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Experience keeps a dear school, but fools will learn in no other.
quotable	love	wisdom	general	0	Experts on romance say for a happy marriage there has to be more than a passionate love. For a lasting union, they insist, there must be a genuine liking for each other. Which, in my book, is a good definition for friendship.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Face your deficiencies and acknowledge them; but do not let them master you. Let them teach you patience, sweetness, insight.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Failure doesn't mean you are a failure it just means you haven't succeeded yet.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Faith in oneself is the best and safest course.
quotable	faith	aphorism	general	0	Faith, as well intentioned as it may be, must be built on facts, not fiction--faith in fiction is a damnable false hope.
quotable	love	aphorism	general	0	False friendship, like the ivy, decays and ruins the walls it embraces; but true friendship gives new life and animation to the object it supports.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Fame usually comes to those who are thinking about something else.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Fans don't boo nobodies.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Fear grows in darkness; if you think there's a bogeyman around, turn on the light.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Fear makes strangers of people who would be friends.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Fear not for the future, weep not for the past.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Fears are nothing more than a state of mind.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Feeling and longing are the motive forces behind all human endeavor and human creations.
quotable	society	wisdom	general	0	Few people are capable of expressing with equanimity opinions which differ from the prejudices of their social environment. Most people are even incapable of forming such opinions.
quotable	work-money	aphorism	general	0	Finding good players is easy. Getting them to play as a team is another story.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Fine words and an insinuating appearance are seldom associated with true virtue
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	First comes thought; then organization of that thought, into ideas and plans; then transformation of those plans into reality. The beginning, as you will observe, is in your imagination.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do.
quotable	tech	observation	general	0	First we thought the PC was a calculator. Then we found out how to turn numbers into letters with ASCII - and we thought it was a typewriter. Then we discovered graphics, and we thought it was a television. With the World Wide Web, we've realized it's a brochure.
quotable	work-money	aphorism	general	0	First-rate people hire first-rate people; second-rate people hire third-rate people.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Flow with whatever is happening and let your mind be free. Stay centered by accepting whatever you are doing. This is the ultimate.
quotable	work-money	wisdom	general	0	Focusing your life solely on making a buck shows a poverty of ambition. It asks too little of yourself. And it will leave you unfulfilled.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Follow effective action with quiet reflection. From the quiet reflection will come even more effective action.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Follow your instincts. That is where true wisdom manifests itself.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Football is football and talent is talent. But the mindset of your team makes all the difference.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	For beautiful eyes, look for the good in others; for beautiful lips, speak only words of kindness; and for poise, walk with the knowledge that you are never alone.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	For every failure, there's an alternative course of action. You just have to find it. When you come to a roadblock, take a detour.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	For everything that lives is holy, life delights in life.
quotable	love	wisdom	general	0	For it was not into my ear you whispered, but into my heart. It was not my lips you kissed, but my soul.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Forgiveness is choosing to love. It is the first skill of self-giving love.
quotable	love	wisdom	general	0	Forgiveness is that subtle thread that binds both love and friendship. Without forgiveness, you may not even have a child one day.
quotable	work-money	aphorism	general	0	Formula for success: under promise and over deliver.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Fortune befriends the bold.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Fortune favors the brave.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Four steps to achievement: Plan purposefully. Prepare prayerfully. Proceed positively. Pursue persistently.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Freedom is not worth having if it does not connote freedom to err.
quotable	society	wisdom	general	0	Freedom is the right to live as we wish.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Freedom is what you do with what's been done to you.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Friends are the siblings God never gave us.
quotable	love	aphorism	general	0	Friends are those rare people who ask how we are and then wait to hear the answer.
quotable	love	aphorism	general	0	Friends show their love in times of trouble, not in happiness.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Friends... they cherish one another's hopes. They are kind to one another's dreams.
quotable	love	aphorism	general	0	Friendship always benefits; love sometimes injures.
quotable	love	aphorism	general	0	Friendship at first sight, like love at first sight, is said to be the only truth.
quotable	love	wisdom	general	0	Friendship brings in a lot of honesty and trust into any relationship, especially a marriage.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Friendship improves happiness and abates misery, by the doubling of our joy and the dividing of our grief.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Friendship increases in visiting friends, but in visiting them seldom.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Friendship is Love without his wings!
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Friendship is a strong and habitual inclination in two persons to promote the good and happiness of one another.
quotable	life	quip	general	0	Friendship is a very taxing and arduous form of leisure activity.
quotable	love	aphorism	general	0	Friendship is almost always the union of a part of one mind with the part of another; people are friends in spots.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Friendship is also about liking a person for their failings, their weakness. It's also about mutual help, not about exploitation.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Friendship is always a sweet responsibility, never an opportunity.
quotable	life	quip	general	0	Friendship is an arrangement by which we undertake to exchange small favors for big ones.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Friendship is but another name for an alliance with the follies and the misfortunes of others. Our own share of miseries is sufficient: why enter then as volunteers into those of another?
quotable	love	wisdom	general	0	Friendship is certainly the finest balm for the pangs of disappointed love.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Friendship is essentially a partnership.
quotable	family	wisdom	general	0	Friendship is held to be the severest test of character. It is easy, we think, to be loyal to a family and clan, whose blood is in your own veins.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Friendship is like money, easier made than kept.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Friendship is one mind in two bodies.
quotable	love	wisdom	general	0	Friendship is one of our most treasured relationships, but it isn't codified and celebrated; it's never going to give you a party.
quotable	love	wisdom	general	0	Friendship is the marriage of the soul, and this marriage is liable to divorce.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Friendship is the source of the greatest pleasures, and without friends even the most agreeable pursuits become tedious.
quotable	love	wisdom	general	0	Friendship marks a life even more deeply than love. Love risks degenerating into obsession, friendship is never anything but sharing.
quotable	love	wisdom	general	0	Friendship may, and often does, grow into love, but love never subsides into friendship.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Friendship multiplies the good of life and divides the evil.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Friendship needs no words - it is solitude delivered from the anguish of loneliness.
quotable	love	aphorism	general	0	Friendship often ends in love, but love in friendship - never.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Friendship with oneself is all important because without it one cannot be friends with anybody else in the world.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Friendship with oneself is all important, because without it one cannot be friends with anyone else in the world.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Friendship without self-interest is one of the rare and beautiful things of life.
quotable	life	quip	general	0	Friendship, like credit, is highest when it is not used.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Friendship, like love, is destroyed by long absence, though it may be increased by short intermissions.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Friendship, like the immortality of the soul, is too good to be believed.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Friendship... is not something you learn in school. But if you haven't learned the meaning of friendship, you really haven't learned anything.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Friendships are the family we make - not the one we inherit. I've always been someone to whom friendship, elective affinities, is as important as family.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	From error to error one discovers the entire truth.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	From wonder into wonder existence opens.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Genius is one per cent inspiration, ninety-nine per cent perspiration.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Genius unrefined resembles a flash of lightning, but wisdom is like the sun.
quotable	love	wisdom	general	0	Genuine love should first be directed at oneself; if we do not love ourselves, how can we love others?
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Genuine sincerity opens people's hearts, while manipulation causes them to close.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Get busy living or get busy dying.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day. Teach him how to fish and you feed him for a lifetime.
quotable	science	aphorism	general	0	Give me a lever long enough and a fulcrum on which to place it, and I shall move the world.
quotable	work-money	wisdom	general	0	Give me six hours to chop down a tree and I will spend the first four sharpening the axe.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Give whatever you are doing and whoever you are with the gift of your attention.
quotable	faith	uplifting	general	0	Give, even if you only have a little.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Go for it now. The future is promised to no one.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Go put your creed into the deed. Nor speak with double tongue.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Go to your bosom: Knock there and ask your heart what it doth know.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Goals are the fuel in the furnace of achievement.
quotable	faith	aphorism	general	0	God always takes the simplest way.
quotable	faith	uplifting	general	0	God gave us the gift of life; it is up to us to give ourselves the gift of living well.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	God has given you one face, and you make yourself another.
quotable	faith	uplifting	general	0	God made me fast. And when I run, I feel His pleasure.
quotable	life	quip	general	0	Gold medals aren't really made of gold. They're made of sweat, determination, and a hard-to-find alloy called guts.
quotable	life	quip	general	0	Golf is a game in which one endeavors to control a ball with implements ill adapted for the purpose.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Good actions give strength to ourselves and inspire good actions in others.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Good advice is always certain to be ignored, but that's no reason not to give it.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Good judgment comes from experience, and a lot of that comes from bad judgment.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Good luck is another name for tenacity of purpose.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Good people are good because they've come to wisdom through failure. We get very little wisdom from success, you know.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Good thoughts are no better than good dreams, unless they be executed.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Good timber does not grow with ease; the stronger the wind, the stronger the trees.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Good, better, best. Never let it rest. 'Til your good is better and your better is best.
quotable	society	wisdom	general	0	Government of the people, by the people, for the people, shall not perish from the Earth.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Gratitude is not only the greatest of virtues, but the parent of all the others.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Gratitude is riches. Complaint is poverty.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Gratitude is the fairest blossom which springs from the soul.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Gratitude makes sense of our past, brings peace for today, and creates a vision for tomorrow.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Great acts are made up of small deeds.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Great are they who see that spiritual is stronger than any material force, that thoughts rule the world.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Great ideas often receive violent opposition from mediocre minds.
quotable	life	quip	general	0	Great indeed is the sublimity of the Creative, to which all beings owe their beginning, and which permeates all heaven.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Grief can be the garden of compassion. If you keep your heart open through everything, your pain can become your greatest ally in your life's search for love and wisdom.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Habit, if not resisted, soon becomes necessity.
quotable	life	quip	general	0	Half the lies they tell about me aren't true.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Happiness can exist only in acceptance.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Happiness cannot be travelled to, owned, earned, worn or consumed. Happiness is the spiritual experience of living every minute with love, grace and gratitude.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Happiness depends upon ourselves.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Happiness does not come about only due to external circumstances; it mainly derives from inner attitudes.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Happiness does not come from doing easy work but from the afterglow of satisfaction that comes after the achievement of a difficult task that demanded our best.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Happiness does not come from having much, but from being attached to little.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Happiness is a perfume you cannot pour on others without getting a few drops on yourself.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Happiness is as a butterfly which, when pursued, is always beyond our grasp, but which if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Happiness is found in doing, not merely possessing.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Happiness is not in the mere possession of money; it lies in the joy of achievement, in the thrill of creative effort.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Happiness is not something ready-made. It comes from your own actions.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Happiness is the reward we get for living to the highest right we know.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Happiness mainly comes from our own attitude, rather than from external factors.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Happiness often sneaks in through a door you didn't know you left open.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Happiness resides not in possessions, and not in gold, happiness dwells in the soul.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Hatred is never appeased by hatred in this world. By non-hatred alone is hatred appeased. This is a law eternal.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Having nothing, nothing can he lose.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	He can who thinks he can, and he can't who thinks he can't. This is an inexorable, indisputable law.
quotable	life	quip	general	0	He has no enemies, but is intensely disliked by his friends.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	He is a wise man who does not grieve for the things which he has not but rejoices for those which he has.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	He is no fool who gives what he cannot keep to gain what he cannot lose.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	He that is giddy thinks the world turns round.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	He that never changes his opinions, never corrects his mistakes, and will never be wiser on the morrow than he is today.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	He that respects himself is safe from others; he wears a coat of mail that none can pierce.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	He who angers you conquers you.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	He who can curb his wrath as soon as it arises, as a timely antidote will check snake's venom that so quickly spreads, - such a monk gives up the here and the beyond, just as a serpent sheds its worn-out skin.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	He who conquers others is strong; He who conquers himself is mighty.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	He who controls others may be powerful, but he who has mastered himself is mightier still.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	He who fears being conquered is sure of defeat.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	He who has imagination without learning has wings but no feet.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	He who hath many friends hath none.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	He who is contented is rich.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	He who is fixed to a star does not change his mind.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	He who is taught to live upon little owes more to his father's wisdom than he who has a great deal left him does to his father's care.
quotable	faith	wisdom	general	0	He who knows himself is enlightened.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	He who knows others is wise. He who knows himself is enlightened.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	He who knows that enough is enough will always have enough.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	He who knows, does not speak. He who speaks, does not know.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	He who learns must suffer. And even in our sleep pain that cannot forget falls drop by drop upon the heart, and in our own despair, against our will, comes wisdom to us by the awful grace of God.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	He who lives in harmony with himself lives in harmony with the universe.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	He who lives in harmony with himself lives in harmony with the world.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	He who talks more is sooner exhausted.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	He who wishes to secure the good of others, has already secured his own.
quotable	faith	wisdom	general	0	Heedfulness is the path to the Deathless. Heedlessness is the path to death. The heedful die not. The heedless are as if already dead.
quotable	life	quip	general	0	Hell, there are no rules here-- we're trying to accomplish something.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Here is one quality that one must possess to win, and that is definiteness of purpose, the knowledge of what one wants, and a burning desire to possess it.
quotable	life	quip	general	0	His lack of education is more than compensated for by his keenly developed moral bankruptcy.
quotable	society	aphorism	general	0	History is written by the victors.
quotable	society	quip	general	0	History will be kind to me for I intend to write it.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Honesty is the best policy.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Honesty is the first chapter in the book of wisdom.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Hope arouses, as nothing else can arouse, a passion for the possible.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	How far that little candle throws its beams! So shines a good deed in a naughty world.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	How is it possible that a being with such sensitive jewels as the eyes, such enchanted musical instruments as the ears, and such fabulous arabesque of nerves as the brain can experience itself anything less than a god.
quotable	life	dark	general	0	How is it possible to find meaning in a finite world, given my waist and shirt size?
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	How many cares one loses when one decides not to be something but to be someone.
quotable	life	quip	general	0	How many legs does a dog have if you call his tail a leg? Four. Saying that a tail is a leg doesn't make it a leg.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	How we spend our days is, of course, how we spend our lives.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.
quotable	science	observation	general	0	How wonderful that we have met with a paradox. Now we have some hope of making progress.
quotable	love	wisdom	general	0	However rare true love may be, it is less so than true friendship.
quotable	society	wisdom	general	0	Human beings, who are almost unique in having the ability to learn from the experience of others, are also remarkable for their apparent disinclination to do so.
quotable	tech	dark	general	0	Humanity is acquiring all the right technology for all the wrong reasons.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	I allow my intuition to lead my path.
quotable	life	quip	general	0	I always wanted to be somebody, but I should have been more specific.
quotable	society	wisdom	general	0	I am a firm believer in the people. If given the truth, they can be depended upon to meet any national crisis. The great point is to bring them the real facts.
quotable	life	quip	general	0	I am a man of fixed and unbending principles, the first of which is to be flexible at all times.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	I am always doing that which I cannot do, in order that I may learn how to do it.
quotable	life	quip	general	0	I am always ready to learn although I do not always like being taught.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	I am an optimist. It does not seem too much use being anything else.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	I am building a fire, and everyday I train, I add more fuel. At just the right moment, I light the match.
quotable	nature	quip	general	0	I am fond of pigs. Dogs look up to us. Cats look down on us. Pigs treat us as equals.
quotable	love	verse	general	0	I am like a falling star who has finally found her place next to another in a lovely constellation, where we will sparkle in the heavens forever.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	I am not bothered by the fact that I am unknown. I am bothered when I do not know others.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	I am not bound to win, but I am bound to be true. I am not bound to succeed, but I am bound to live by the light that I have. I must stand with anybody that stands right, and stand with him while he is right, and part with him when he goes wrong.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	I am of the opinion that my life belongs to the community, and as long as I live it is my privilege to do for it whatever I can.
quotable	arts	quip	general	0	I begin with an idea and then it becomes something else.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	I believe in one thing only, the power of human will.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	I believe that a simple and unassuming manner of life is best for everyone, best both for the body and the mind.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	I believe that every person is born with talent.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	I believe that we are fundamentally the same and have the same basic potential.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	I believe that we are solely responsible for our choices, and we have to accept the consequences of every deed, word, and thought throughout our lifetime.
quotable	faith	uplifting	general	0	I can't believe that God put us on this earth to be ordinary.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	I can't imagine a person becoming a success who doesn't give this game of life everything he's got.
quotable	arts	quip	general	0	I can't listen to that much Wagner. I start getting the urge to conquer Poland.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	I can, therefore I am.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	I cannot always control what goes on outside. But I can always control what goes on inside.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	I cannot even imagine where I would be today were it not for that handful of friends who have given me a heart full of joy. Let's face it, friends make life a lot more fun.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	I cannot give you the formula for success, but I can give you the formula for failure: which is: Try to please everybody.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	I cannot make my days longer, so I strive to make them better.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	I care not so much what I am to others as what I am to myself. I will be rich by myself, and not by borrowing.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	I decided that it was not wisdom that enabled poets to write their poetry, but a kind of instinct or inspiration, such as you find in seers and prophets who deliver all their sublime messages without knowing in the least what they mean.
quotable	love	wisdom	general	0	I define friendship as a bond that transcends all barriers. When you are ready to expect anything and everything from friends, good, bad or ugly... that's what I call true friendship.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	I destroy my enemies when I make them my friends.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	I do not believe in a fate that falls on men however they act; but I do believe in a fate that falls on man unless they act.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	I do not believe in a fate that falls on men however they act; but I do believe in a fate that falls on them unless they act.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	I do not dispute with the world; rather it is the world that disputes with me.
quotable	tech	quip	general	0	I do not know the American gentleman, god forgive me for putting two such words together.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	I don't believe in failure. It's not failure if you enjoyed the process.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	I don't believe you have to be better than everybody else. I believe you have to be better than you ever thought you could be.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	I don't look to jump over 7-foot bars; I look around for 1-foot bars that I can step over.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	I don't need a friend who changes when I change and who nods when I nod; my shadow does that much better.
quotable	life	observation	general	0	I don't turn to greeting cards for wisdom and advice, but they are a fine reflection of the general drift of the culture.
quotable	life	quip	general	0	I don't want to achieve immortality through my work... I want to achieve it through not dying.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	I endeavor to be wise when I cannot be merry, easy when I cannot be glad, content with what cannot be mended and patient when there is no redress.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	I find hope in the darkest of days, and focus in the brightest. I do not judge the universe.
quotable	life	observation	general	0	I gave my life to become the person I am right now. Was it worth it?
quotable	life	observation	general	0	I had three chairs in my house; one for solitude, two for friendship, three for society.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	I have always found that mercy bears richer fruits than strict justice.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	I have always thought the actions of men the best interpreters of their thoughts.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	I have an everyday religion that works for me. Love yourself first, and everything else falls into line.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	I have been impressed with the urgency of doing. Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Being willing is not enough; we must do.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	I have done my best: that is about all the philosophy of living one needs.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	I have friends in overalls whose friendship I would not swap for the favor of the kings of the world.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	I have just three things to teach: simplicity, patience, compassion. These three are your greatest treasures.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	I have learned that friendship isn't about who you've known the longest, it's about who came and never left your side.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	I have learned that to be with those I like is enough.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	I have never been hurt by anything I didn't say.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	I have no special talent. I am only passionately curious.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	I have often regretted my speech, never my silence.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	I have realized that the past and future are real illusions, that they exist in the present, which is what there is and all there is.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand.
quotable	society	wisdom	general	0	I hope our wisdom will grow with our power, and teach us, that the less we use our power the greater it will be.
quotable	society	wisdom	general	0	I hope we shall crush in its birth the aristocracy of our monied corporations which dare already to challenge our government to a trial by strength, and bid defiance to the laws of our country.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	I know but one freedom and that is the freedom of the mind.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	I know not age, nor weariness nor defeat.
quotable	society	wisdom	general	0	I know not with what weapons World War III will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	I know that inner wisdom is more precious than wealth. The more you spend it, the more you gain.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	I know where I'm going and I know the truth, and I don't have to be what you want me to be. I'm free to be what I want.
quotable	society	wisdom	general	0	I look forward to a great future for America - a future in which our country will match its military strength with our moral restraint, its wealth with our wisdom, its power with our purpose.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	I love my past. I love my present. I'm not ashamed of what I've had, and I'm not sad because I have it no longer.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	I love wisdom. And you can never be great at anything unless you love it. Not be in love with it, but love the thing, admire the thing. And it seems that if you love the thing, and you don't just want to possess it, it will find you.
quotable	love	aphorism	general	0	I love you the more in that I believe you had liked me for my own sake and for nothing else.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	I never considered a difference of opinion in politics, in religion, in philosophy, as cause for withdrawing from a friend.
quotable	work-money	quip	general	0	I never did a day's work in my life. It was all fun.
quotable	work-money	wisdom	general	0	I never did anything worth doing by accident, nor did any of my inventions come by accident
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	I never see what has been done; I only see what remains to be done.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	I never teach my pupils. I only attempt to provide the conditions in which they can learn.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	I never think of the future. It comes soon enough.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	I never worry about action, but only inaction.
quotable	life	quip	general	0	I owe my solitude to other people.
quotable	life	quip	general	0	I prefer the folly of enthusiasm to the indifference of wisdom.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	I prefer to be true to myself, even at the hazard of incurring the ridicule of others, rather than to be false, and to incur my own abhorrence.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	I seek constantly to improve my manners and graces, for they are the sugar to which all are attracted.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	I think and that is all that I am.
quotable	arts	uplifting	general	0	I think people who are creative are the luckiest people on earth. I know that there are no shortcuts, but you must keep your faith in something Greater than you and keep doing what you love. Do what you love, and you will find the way to get it out to the world.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	I think somehow, we learn who we really are and then live with that decision.
quotable	arts	observation	general	0	I think that novels that leave out technology misrepresent life as badly as Victorians misrepresented life by leaving out sex.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	I think that we have a great opportunity to impart our wisdom and our knowledge and our experience to this younger generation. It may be different times, but experience transcends time, and wisdom transcends time.
quotable	arts	joke	general	0	I took a speed-reading course and read 'War and Peace' in twenty minutes. It involves Russia.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	I violated the Noah rule: Predicting rain doesn't count; building arks does.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	I walk slowly, but I never walk backward.
quotable	love	aphorism	general	0	I want my friend to miss me as long as I miss him.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	I want you to be everything that's you, deep at the center of your being.
quotable	life	joke	general	0	I was thrown out of college for cheating on the metaphysics exam; I looked into the soul of the boy sitting next to me.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	I will give you a definition of a proud man: he is a man who has neither vanity nor wisdom one filled with hatreds cannot be vain, neither can he be wise.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	I will love the light for it shows me the way, yet I will endure the darkness because it shows me the stars.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	I will not be concerned at other men's not knowing me; I will be concerned at my own want of ability.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	I will prepare and someday my chance will come.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	I would maintain that thanks are the highest form of thought, and that gratitude is happiness doubled by wonder.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	I'd rather attempt to do something great and fail than to attempt to do nothing and succeed.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	I'd rather regret the things I've done than regret the things I haven't done.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	I'd rather regret the things that I have done than the things that I have not done.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	I'll prepare and someday my chance will come.
quotable	work-money	aphorism	general	0	I'm a great believer in luck and I find the harder I work, the more I have of it.
quotable	life	quip	general	0	I'm astounded by people who want to 'know' the universe when it's hard enough to find your way around Chinatown.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	I'm not afraid of storms, for I'm learning how to sail my ship.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	I'm not in this world to live up to your expectations and you're not in this world to live up to mine.
quotable	life	quip	general	0	I'm not interested in age. People who tell me their age are silly. You're as old as you feel.
quotable	love	quip	general	0	I'm selfish, impatient and a little insecure. I make mistakes, I am out of control and at times hard to handle. But if you can't handle me at my worst, then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best.
quotable	work-money	quip	general	0	I'm tired of hearing about money, money, money, money, money. I just want to play the game, drink Pepsi, and wear Reebok.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	I've missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I've lost almost 300 games. 26 times, I've been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I've failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed.
quotable	faith	wisdom	general	0	I, too, do not envision a doctrine of self the clinging to which there would not arise sorrow, lamentation, pain, grief, and despair.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Ideals are an imaginative understanding of that which is desirable in that which is possible.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Ideas are the beginning points of all fortunes.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Ideas pull the trigger, but instinct loads the gun.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	If A is success in life, then A equals x plus y plus z. Work is x; y is play; and z is keeping your mouth shut.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	If I am not for myself, who will be for me? If I am not for others, what am I? And if not now, when?
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	If I find 10,000 ways something won't work, I haven't failed. I am not discouraged, because every wrong attempt discarded is another step forward.
quotable	life	quip	general	0	If I had only known, I would have been a locksmith.
quotable	love	quip	general	0	If I know what love is, it is because of you.
quotable	life	quip	general	0	If I were two-faced, would I be wearing this one?
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	If a man does his best, what else is there?
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	If a man does not make new acquaintances as he advances through life, he will soon find himself left alone. A man, sir, should keep his friendship in a constant repair.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	If a man going down into a river, swollen and swiftly flowing, is carried away by the current - how can he help others across?
quotable	life	quip	general	0	If a man watches three football games in a row, he should be declared legally dead.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	If facts are the seeds that later produce knowledge and wisdom, then the emotions and the impressions of the senses are the fertile soil in which the seeds must grow.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	If it is not right do not do it; if it is not true do not say it.
quotable	faith	quip	general	0	If it turns out that there is a God, I don't think that he's evil. But the worst that you can say about him is that basically he's an underachiever.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	If one advances confidently in the direction of his dream, and endeavors to live the life which he had imagines, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	If one does not know to which port is sailing, no wind is favorable.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	If one does not know to which port one is sailing, no wind is favorable.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	If one is estranged from oneself, then one is estranged from others too. If one is out of touch with oneself, then one cannot touch others.
quotable	arts	wisdom	general	0	If one is lucky, a solitary fantasy can totally transform one million realities.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	If one way be better than another, that you may be sure is nature's way.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	If only wed stop trying to be happy wed have a pretty good time.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door.
quotable	life	quip	general	0	If the shoe doesn't fit, must we change the foot?
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	If the single man plant himself indomitably on his instincts, and there abide, the huge world will come round to him.
quotable	nature	wisdom	general	0	If the stars should appear but one night every thousand years how man would marvel and adore.
quotable	society	wisdom	general	0	If there is no struggle, there is no progress.
quotable	love	wisdom	general	0	If there is such a thing as a good marriage, it is because it resembles friendship rather than love.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	If we all did the things we are capable of doing, we would literally astound ourselves.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	If we are not fully ourselves, truly in the present moment, we miss everything.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	If we could learn to like ourselves, even a little, maybe our cruelties and angers might melt away.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	If we did the things we are capable of, we would astound ourselves.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	If we had no winter, the spring would not be so pleasant; if we did not sometimes taste of adversity, prosperity would not be so welcome.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	If we have a positive mental attitude, then even when surrounded by hostility, we shall not lack inner peace.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	If we learn to open our hearts, anyone, including the people who drive us crazy, can be our teacher.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	If we look at the world with a love of life, the world will reveal its beauty to us.
quotable	society	wisdom	general	0	If we open a quarrel between past and present, we shall find that we have lost the future.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	If with a pure mind a person speaks or acts, happiness follows them like a never-departing shadow.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	If you accept the expectations of others, especially negative ones, then you never will change the outcome.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	If you are bitter, you are like a dry leaf that you can just squash, and you can get blown away by the wind. There is much more wisdom in forgiveness.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	If you are going to achieve excellence in big things, you develop the habit in little matters. Excellence is not an exception; it is a prevailing attitude.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	If you are out to describe the truth, leave elegance to the tailor.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	If you aren't going all the way, why go at all?
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	If you break your neck, if you have nothing to eat, if your house is on fire, then you got a problem. Everything else is inconvenience.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	If you can dream it, you can do it.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	If you can't feed a hundred people, then feed just one.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	If you change the way you look at things, the things you look at change.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	If you correct your mind, the rest of your life will fall into place.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	If you do not change direction, you may end up where you are heading.
quotable	arts	wisdom	general	0	If you do not express your own original ideas, if you do not listen to your own being, you will have betrayed yourself.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	If you do what you've always done, you'll get what you've always gotten.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	If you don't go after what you want, you'll never have it. If you don't ask, the answer is always no. If you don't step forward, you're always in the same place.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	If you don't know where you are going, any road will get you there.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	If you don't know where you are going, you will probably end up somewhere else.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	If you fell down yesterday, stand up today.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	If you find yourself in a hole, the first thing to do is stop digging.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	If you focus on results, you will never change. If you focus on change, you will get results.
quotable	love	quip	general	0	If you have a harem of 40 women, you never get to know any of them very well.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	If you have knowledge, let others light their candles in it.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	If you have made mistakes, there is always another chance for you. You may have a fresh start any moment you choose.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	If you have one true friend, you have more than your share.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	If you have the guts to keep making mistakes, your wisdom and intelligence leap forward with huge momentum.
quotable	love	uplifting	general	0	If you live to be a hundred, I want to live to be a hundred minus one day, so I never have to live without you.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	If you look into your own heart, and you find nothing wrong there, what is there to worry about? What is there to fear?
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	If you lose today, win tomorrow. In this never-ending spirit of challenge is the heart of a victor.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	If you love life, don't waste time, for time is what life is made up of.
quotable	love	aphorism	general	0	If you love someone, set them free. If they come back, they're yours; if they don't, they never were.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	If you must tell me your opinions, tell me what you believe in. I have plenty of doubts of my own.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	If you only have a hammer, you tend to see every problem as a nail.
quotable	work-money	quip	general	0	If you owe the bank $100 that's your problem. If you owe the bank $100 million, that's the bank's problem.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	If you seek truth, you will not seek victory by dishonorable means, and if you find truth you will become invincible.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	If you set out to be liked, you would be prepared to compromise on anything at any time, and you would achieve nothing.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	If you smile when no one else is around, you really mean it.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	If you spend too much time thinking about a thing, you'll never get it done.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	If you spend your whole life waiting for the storm, you'll never enjoy the sunshine.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	If you surrender to the wind, you can ride it.
quotable	society	wisdom	general	0	If you talk to a man in a language he understands, that goes to his head. If you talk to him in his language, that goes to his heart.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	If you think you can, you can. And if you think you can't, you're right.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	If you want a thing done well, do it yourself.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	If you want things to be different, perhaps the answer is to become different yourself.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	If you want to go east, don't go west.
quotable	work-money	quip	general	0	If you want to kill any idea in the world, get a committee working on it.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	If you want to succeed you should strike out on new paths, rather than travel the worn paths of accepted success.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	If you want your life to be more rewarding, you have to change the way you think.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	If you were to offer a thirsty man all wisdom, you would not please him more than if you gave him a drink.
quotable	arts	wisdom	general	0	If you wish to be a writer, write.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	If you would take, you must first give, this is the beginning of intelligence.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	If you'll not settle for anything less than your best, you will be amazed at what you can accomplish in your lives.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	If you're changing the world, you're working on important things. You're excited to get up in the morning.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	If you're going through hell, keep going.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	If you're trying to achieve, there will be roadblocks. I've had them; everybody has had them. But obstacles don't have to stop you. If you run into a wall, don't turn around and give up. Figure out how to climb it, go through it, or work around it.
quotable	work-money	observation	general	0	If you're trying to create a company, it's like baking a cake. You have to have all the ingredients in the right proportion.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	If you're walking down the right path and you're willing to keep walking, eventually you'll make progress.
quotable	work-money	uplifting	general	0	If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader.
quotable	love	wisdom	general	0	Ignorance and bungling with love are better than wisdom and skill without.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Ignorance never settles a question.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Ignorant men don't know what good they hold in their hands until they've flung it away.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Ignorant men raise questions that wise men answered a thousand years ago.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Imagination allows us to escape the predictable. It enables us to reply to the common wisdom that we cannot soar by saying, 'Just watch!'
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Imagination disposes of everything; it creates beauty, justice, and happiness, which are everything in this world.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Imagination is more important than knowledge. For while knowledge defines all we currently know and understand, imagination points to all we might yet discover and create.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Imagination is more important than knowledge...
quotable	arts	wisdom	general	0	Imagination is not a talent of some men but is the health of every man.
quotable	arts	wisdom	general	0	Imagination is the highest kite one can fly.
quotable	arts	wisdom	general	0	Imagination is the living power and prime agent of all human perception.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Imagination rules the world.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Imagination will often carry us to worlds that never were. But without it we go nowhere.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Important principles may, and must, be inflexible.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Impossibilities are merely things which we have not yet learned.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	In action a great heart is the chief qualification. In work, a great head.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	In all chaos there is a cosmos, in all disorder a secret order.
quotable	nature	wisdom	general	0	In all things of nature there is something of the marvelous.
quotable	life	quip	general	0	In complete darkness we are all the same, it is only our knowledge and wisdom that separates us, don't let your eyes deceive you.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	In dwelling, live close to the ground. In thinking, keep to the simple. In conflict, be fair and generous. In governing, don't try to control. In work, do what you enjoy. In family life, be completely present.
quotable	nature	wisdom	general	0	In every walk with nature, one receives far more than he seeks.
quotable	love	wisdom	general	0	In friendship as well as love, ignorance very often contributes more to our happiness than knowledge.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	In life, all good things come hard, but wisdom is the hardest to come by.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	In order to live free and happily you must sacrifice boredom. It is not always an easy sacrifice.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	In order to succeed, we must first believe that we can.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	In order to win, you must expect to win.
quotable	nature	wisdom	general	0	In rivers, the water that you touch is the last of what has passed and the first of that which comes; so with present time.
quotable	love	observation	general	0	In romance, we feel the need to zoom in and expound on our partner's foibles in intimate detail; in friendship, we tend to do the opposite, avoiding confrontation through fear, lethargy or both.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	In seed time learn, in harvest teach, in winter enjoy.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	In skating over thin ice our safety is in our speed.
quotable	work-money	wisdom	general	0	In the business world, everyone is paid in two coins: cash and experience. Take the experience first; the cash will come later.
quotable	work-money	aphorism	general	0	In the business world, the rearview mirror is always clearer than the windshield.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	In the depth of winter, I finally learned that there was within me an invincible summer.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	In the end we retain from our studies only that which we practically apply.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity.
quotable	faith	wisdom	general	0	In the sky there are no tracks. Outside there is no recluse. There are no conditioned things that are eternal. There is no instability in the Buddhas.
quotable	love	wisdom	general	0	In the sweetness of friendship let there be laughter and sharing of pleasures. For in the dew of little things the heart finds its morning and is refreshed.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	In times of change, learners inherit the earth, while the learned find themselves beautifully equipped to deal with a world that no longer exists.
quotable	society	wisdom	general	0	In wartime, truth is so precious that she should always be attended by a bodyguard of lies.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	In wisdom gathered over time I have found that every experience is a form of exploration.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Independence is happiness.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Injuries may be forgiven, but not forgotten.
quotable	arts	aphorism	general	0	Inspiration exists, but it has to find us working.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Instead of saying that man is the creature of circumstance, it would be nearer the mark to say that man is the architect of circumstance.
quotable	science	observation	general	0	Interestingly, according to modern astronomers, space is finite. This is a very comforting thought-- particularly for people who can never remember where they have left things.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Intuition is the supra-logic that cuts out all the routine processes of thought and leaps straight from the problem to the answer.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Intuition is the very force or activity of the soul in its experience through whatever has been the experience of the soul itself.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Intuition will tell the thinking mind where to look next.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Iron rusts from disuse; water loses its purity from stagnation... even so does inaction sap the vigor of the mind.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Irony is the gaiety of reflection and the joy of wisdom.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Irrigators channel waters; fletchers straighten arrows; carpenters bend wood; the wise master themselves.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	It all depends on how we look at things, and not how they are in themselves.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	It always seems impossible until it's done.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	It had long since come to my attention that people of accomplishment rarely sat back and let things happen to them. They went out and happened to things.
quotable	tech	wisdom	general	0	It has become appallingly obvious that our technology has exceeded our humanity.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	It has been my experience that folks who have no vices have very few virtues.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	It has long been an axiom of mine that the little things are infinitely the most important.
quotable	arts	quip	general	0	It has never been my object to record my dreams, just to realize them.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	It is a characteristic of wisdom not to do desperate things.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	It is a common experience that a problem difficult at night is resolved in the morning after the committee of sleep has worked on it.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	It is a miracle that curiosity survives formal education.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	It is better to have enough ideas for some of them to be wrong, than to be always right by having no ideas at all.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	It is better to understand a little than to misunderstand a lot.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	It is common sense to take a method and try it. If it fails, admit it frankly and try another. But above all, try something.
quotable	society	wisdom	general	0	It is difficult to achieve a spirit of genuine cooperation as long as people remain indifferent to the feelings and happiness of others.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	It is easier to live through someone else than to become complete yourself.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	It is easy to be brave from a safe distance.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	It is far better to be alone, than to be in bad company.
quotable	society	wisdom	general	0	It is fatal to enter any war without the will to win it.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	It is good even for old men to learn wisdom.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	It is important to our friends to believe that we are unreservedly frank with them, and important to friendship that we are not.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	It is impossible for a man to learn what he thinks he already knows.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	It is impossible to escape the impression that people commonly use false standards of measurement - that they seek power, success and wealth for themselves and admire them in others, and that they underestimate what is of true value in life.
quotable	life	dark	general	0	It is impossible to experience one's death objectively and still carry a tune.
quotable	love	wisdom	general	0	It is impossible to love and to be wise.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	It is in the nature of things that joy arises in a person free from remorse.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	It is in your moments of decision that your destiny is shaped.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	It is more shameful to distrust our friends than to be deceived by them.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	It is never too late to be what you might have been.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	It is no use saying, 'We are doing our best.' You have got to succeed in doing what is necessary.
quotable	love	wisdom	general	0	It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	It is not enough to have a good mind; the main thing is to use it well.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	It is not fair to ask of others what you are unwilling to do yourself.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	It is not in the stars to hold our destiny but in ourselves.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	It is not only for what we do that we are held responsible, but also for what we do not do.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	It is not so important to know everything as to appreciate what we learn.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	It is not so much our friends' help that helps us, as the confidence of their help.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	It is not the possession of truth, but the success which attends the seeking after it, that enriches the seeker and brings happiness to him.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	It is not uncommon for people to spend their whole life waiting to start living.
quotable	society	wisdom	general	0	It is not wisdom but Authority that makes a law.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	It is on our failures that we base a new and different and better success.
quotable	love	wisdom	general	0	It is one of the blessings of old friends that you can afford to be stupid with them.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	It is one of the severest tests of friendship to tell your friend his faults. So to love a man that you cannot bear to see a stain upon him, and to speak painful truth through loving words, that is friendship.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	It is only the great hearted who can be true friends. The mean and cowardly, can never know what true friendship means.
quotable	life	observation	general	0	It is only when the mind and character slumber that the dress can be seen.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	It is only with the heart that one can see rightly, what is essential is invisible to the eye.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	It is the nature of the wise to resist pleasures, but the foolish to be a slave to them.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	It is the neglect of timely repair that makes rebuilding necessary.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	It is the province of knowledge to speak, and it is the privilege of wisdom to listen.
quotable	faith	wisdom	general	0	It is the quality of our work which will please God, not the quantity.
quotable	arts	wisdom	general	0	It is the supreme art of the teacher to awaken joy in creative expression and knowledge.
quotable	science	wisdom	general	0	It is through science that we prove, but through intuition that we discover.
quotable	society	wisdom	general	0	It is time to remember that old wisdom our soldiers will never forget: that whether we are black or brown or white, we all bleed the same red blood of patriots, we all enjoy the same glorious freedoms, and we all salute the same great American Flag.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	It is unwise to be too sure of one's own wisdom. It is healthy to be reminded that the strongest might weaken and the wisest might err.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	It is very easy to forgive others their mistakes; it takes more grit to forgive them for having witnessed your own.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	It is with our passions, as it is with fire and water, they are good servants but bad masters.
quotable	arts	wisdom	general	0	It is with words as with sunbeams. The more they are condensed, the deeper they burn.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	It isn't what happens to us that causes us to suffer; it's what we say to ourselves about what happens.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	It isn't where you come from, it's where you're going that counts.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	It may happen sometimes that a long debate becomes the cause of a longer friendship. Commonly, those who dispute with one another at last agree.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	It requires wisdom to understand wisdom: the music is nothing if the audience is deaf.
quotable	life	observation	general	0	It seemed the world was divided into good and bad people. The good ones slept better... while the bad ones seemed to enjoy the waking hours much more.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	It's a good thing to be satisfied with what one has.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	It's better to be a lion for a day than a sheep all your life.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	It's easier to resist at the beginning than at the end.
quotable	work-money	quip	general	0	It's easy to make a buck. It's a lot tougher to make a difference.
quotable	work-money	aphorism	general	0	It's important to know that words don't move mountains. Work, exacting work moves mountains.
quotable	work-money	quip	general	0	It's just a job. Grass grows, birds fly, waves pound the sand. I beat people up.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	It's not what happens to you, but how you react to it that matters.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	It's only when the tide goes out that you discover who's been swimming naked.
quotable	life	quip	general	0	It's so simple to be wise. Just think of something stupid to say and then don't say it.
quotable	life	quip	general	0	It's supposed to be automatic, but actually you have to push this button.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	It's the little details that are vital. Little things make big things happen.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Joy is the best makeup.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Joy is what happens to us when we allow ourselves to recognize how good things really are.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Judge nothing, you will be happy. Forgive everything, you will be happier. Love everything, you will be happiest.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Just as a flower, which seems beautiful has color but no perfume, so are the fruitless words of a man who speaks them but does them not.
quotable	love	wisdom	general	0	Just as a mother would protect her only child with her life, even so let one cultivate a boundless love towards all beings.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Just as a solid rock is not shaken by the storm, even so the wise are not affected by praise or blame.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Just as much as we see in others, we have in ourselves.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Just be patient. Let the game come to you. Don't rush. Be quick, but don't hurry.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Just because something doesn't do what you planned it to do doesn't mean it's useless.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Just trust yourself, then you will know how to live.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Keep me away from the wisdom which does not cry, the philosophy which does not laugh and the greatness which does not bow before children.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Keep silence for the most part, and speak only when you must, and then briefly.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Keep your eyes on the stars and your feet on the ground.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Keep your face always toward the sunshine - and shadows will fall behind you.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Keep yourself to the sunshine and you cannot see the shadow.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Kind words do not cost much. Yet they accomplish much.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Kindness in words creates confidence. Kindness in thinking creates profoundness. Kindness in giving creates love.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Kindness is more important than wisdom, and the recognition of this is the beginning of wisdom.
quotable	society	wisdom	general	0	Kindness is the golden chain by which society is bound together.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Kindness is the language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Know from the rivers in clefts and in crevices: those in small channels flow noisily, the great flow silent. Whatever's not full makes noise. Whatever is full is quiet.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Know how to listen, and you will profit even from those who talk badly.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Know that although in the eternal scheme of things you are small, you are also unique and irreplaceable, as are all your fellow humans everywhere in the world.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Know what's important and what isn't. Have the wisdom to know the right thing to do, the integrity to do it, the character to stand up to those who don't, and the courage to stop those who won't.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Know, first, who you are, and then adorn yourself accordingly.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Knowing is not enough; we must apply!
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Willing is not enough; we must do.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Knowing others is wisdom, knowing yourself is Enlightenment.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Knowing your own darkness is the best method for dealing with the darkness of other people.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Knowledge comes, but wisdom lingers. It may not be difficult to store up in the mind a vast quantity of facts within a comparatively short time, but the ability to form judgments requires the severe discipline of hard work and the tempering heat of experience and maturity.
quotable	science	wisdom	general	0	Knowledge has three degrees: opinion, science, illumination. The means or instrument of the first is sense; of the second, dialectic; of the third, intuition.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Knowledge is going to make you stronger. Knowledge is going to let you control your life. Knowledge is going to give you the wisdom to teach their children. Knowledge is the thing that makes you smile in the face of disaster.
quotable	food	joke	general	0	Knowledge is knowing that a tomato is a fruit. Wisdom is knowing not to put it in a fruit salad.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Knowledge is of no value unless you put it into practice.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Knowledge is proud that it knows so much; wisdom is humble that it knows no more.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Knowledge rests not upon truth alone, but upon error also.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Knowledge speaks, but wisdom listens.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Knowledge without justice ought to be called cunning rather than wisdom.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Laughter is not at all a bad beginning for a friendship, and it is far the best ending for one.
quotable	society	wisdom	general	0	Laws alone can not secure freedom of expression; in order that every man present his views without penalty there must be spirit of tolerance in the entire population.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Leaders aren't born they are made. And they are made just like anything else, through hard work. And that's the price we'll have to pay to achieve that goal, or any goal.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Learning is finding out what you already know.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Learning is the beginning of wealth. Learning is the beginning of health. Learning is the beginning of spirituality. Searching and learning is where the miracle process all begins.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Learning never exhausts the mind.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Learning without reflection is a waste, reflection without learning is dangerous.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Leave no stone unturned.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Let go of your attachment to being right, and suddenly your mind is more open. You're able to benefit from the unique viewpoints of others, without being crippled by your own judgement.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Let me tell you the secret that has led me to my goal: my strength lies solely in my tenacity.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Let my skin and sinews and bones dry up, together with all the flesh and blood of my body! I welcome it! But I will not move from this spot until I have attained the supreme and final wisdom.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Let none find fault with others; let none see the omissions and commissions of others. But let one see one's own acts, done and undone.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Let the beauty of what you love be what you do.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Let the future tell the truth and evaluate each one according to his work and accomplishments. The present is theirs; the future, for which I have really worked, is mine.
quotable	love	wisdom	general	0	Let there be no purpose in friendship save the deepening of the spirit.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Let us always meet each other with smile, for the smile is the beginning of love.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Let us be grateful to people who make us happy; they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom.
quotable	society	wisdom	general	0	Let us resolve to be masters, not the victims, of our history, controlling our own destiny without giving way to blind suspicions and emotions.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Let us revere, let us worship, but erect and open-eyed, the highest, not the lowest; the future, not the past!
quotable	family	uplifting	general	0	Let us sacrifice our today so that our children can have a better tomorrow.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Let your hook always be cast; in the pool where you least expect it, there will be a fish.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Let yourself be silently drawn by the stronger pull of what you really love.
quotable	society	wisdom	general	0	Liberty, taking the word in its concrete sense, consists in the ability to choose.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Life a culmination of the past, an awareness of the present, an indication of the future beyond knowledge, the quality that gives a touch of divinity to matter.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Life has no blessing like a prudent friend.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Life is a gift, and it offers us the privilege, opportunity, and responsibility to give something back by becoming more
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Life is a learning experience, only if you learn.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Life is a progress, and not a station.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Life is a succession of lessons, which must be lived to be understood.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Life is a succession of moments. To live each one is to succeed.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Life is a travelling to the edge of knowledge, then a leap taken.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Life is about timing.
quotable	life	dark	general	0	Life is divided into the horrible and the miserable.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Life is just a chance to grow a soul.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Life is like a sewer. What you get out of it depends on what you put into it.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance you must keep moving.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Life is movement-we breathe, we eat, we walk, we move!
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Life is not a problem to be solved, but a reality to be experienced.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Life is so constructed that an event does not, cannot, will not, match the expectation.
quotable	love	aphorism	general	0	Life is the flower for which love is the honey.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Life is the only real counselor; wisdom unfiltered through personal experience does not become a part of the moral tissue.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Life is what happens while you are making other plans.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Life is what you make of it. Always has been, always will be.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.
quotable	love	aphorism	general	0	Life without love is like a tree without blossoms or fruit.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Life's challenges are not supposed to paralyze you, they're supposed to help you discover who you are.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Life's most persistent and urgent question is, 'What are you doing for others?'
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Light tomorrow with today!
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Listen to what you know instead of what you fear.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Living at risk is jumping off the cliff and building your wings on the way down.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Logic is the beginning of wisdom, not the end.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere.
quotable	society	wisdom	general	0	Look back over the past, with its changing empires that rose and fell, and you can foresee the future, too.
quotable	science	uplifting	general	0	Look up at the stars and not down at your feet. Try to make sense of what you see, and wonder about what makes the universe exist. Be curious.
quotable	faith	wisdom	general	0	Lord, make me an instrument of thy peace. Where there is hatred, let me sow love.
quotable	work-money	aphorism	general	0	Lose an hour in the morning, and you will spend all day looking for it.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Loss is nothing else but change, and change is Nature's delight.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Lots of people want to ride with you in the limo, but what you want is someone who will take the bus with you when the limo breaks down.
quotable	love	aphorism	general	0	Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none.
quotable	love	wisdom	general	0	Love and compassion open our own inner life, reducing stress, distrust and loneliness.
quotable	love	aphorism	general	0	Love and friendship exclude each other.
quotable	love	wisdom	general	0	Love at first sight is easy to understand; it's when two people have been looking at each other for a lifetime that it becomes a miracle.
quotable	love	aphorism	general	0	Love cures people - both the ones who give it and the ones who receive it.
quotable	love	wisdom	general	0	Love demands infinitely less than friendship.
quotable	love	wisdom	general	0	Love does not consist of gazing at each other, but in looking together in the same direction.
quotable	love	uplifting	general	0	Love doesn't make the world go round; love is what makes the ride worthwhile.
quotable	love	aphorism	general	0	Love has no age, no limit; and no death.
quotable	love	aphorism	general	0	Love is a friendship set to music.
quotable	love	quip	general	0	Love is a serious mental disease.
quotable	love	aphorism	general	0	Love is blind; friendship closes its eyes.
quotable	love	aphorism	general	0	Love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies.
quotable	love	wisdom	general	0	Love is flower like; Friendship is like a sheltering tree.
quotable	love	wisdom	general	0	Love is like a friendship caught on fire. In the beginning a flame, very pretty, often hot and fierce, but still only light and flickering. As love grows older, our hearts mature and our love becomes as coals, deep-burning and unquenchable.
quotable	love	wisdom	general	0	Love is never lost. If not reciprocated, it will flow back and soften and purify the heart.
quotable	love	wisdom	general	0	Love is rarer than genius itself. And friendship is rarer than love.
quotable	love	wisdom	general	0	Love is the attempt to form a friendship inspired by beauty.
quotable	love	aphorism	general	0	Love is the flower you've got to let grow.
quotable	love	aphorism	general	0	Love is the master key that opens the gates of happiness.
quotable	love	wisdom	general	0	Love is the only force capable of transforming an enemy into a friend.
quotable	love	aphorism	general	0	Love is the wisdom of the fool and the folly of the wise.
quotable	love	wisdom	general	0	Love isn't something you find. Love is something that finds you.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Love yourself first and everything else falls into line. You really have to love yourself to get anything done in this world.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Love, friendship and respect do not unite people as much as a common hatred for something.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Loyalty and friendship, which is to me the same, created all the wealth that I've ever thought I'd have.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Make it a rule of life never to regret and never to look back. Regret is an appalling waste of energy; you can't build on it; it's only for wallowing in.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Make it your habit not to be critical about small things.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Make the best use of what is in your power and take the rest as it happens.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Make the most of yourself, for that is all there is of you.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Man is equally incapable of seeing the nothingness from which he emerges and the infinity in which he is engulfed.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Man is not sum of what he has already, but rather the sum of what he does not yet have, of what he could have.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Many men go fishing all of their lives without knowing that it is not fish they are after.
quotable	work-money	wisdom	general	0	Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.
quotable	life	observation	general	0	Many sophisticated, intelligent people lack wisdom and common sense.
quotable	love	wisdom	general	0	Marriage is the highest state of friendship. If happy, it lessens our cares by dividing them, at the same time that it doubles our pleasures by mutual participation.
quotable	love	quip	general	0	Marriage: A friendship recognized by the police.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Maxim for life: You get treated in life the way you teach people to treat you.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	May all beings have happy minds.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	May our hearts garden of awakening bloom with hundreds of flowers.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Meaning is not what you start with but what you end up with.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Mediocrity knows nothing higher than itself, but talent instantly recognizes genius.
quotable	faith	aphorism	general	0	Meditate ... do not delay, lest you later regret it.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Meditation brings wisdom, lack of meditation leaves ignorance. Know well what leads you forward and what holds you back and choose the path that leads to wisdom.
quotable	faith	wisdom	general	0	Meditation is the dissolution of thoughts in eternal awareness or Pure consciousness without objectification, knowing without thinking, merging finitude in infinity.
quotable	work-money	quip	general	0	Meetings are indispensable when you don't want to do anything.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Memory is the mother of all wisdom.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Men are disturbed not by things, but by the view which they take of them.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Men in general judge more from appearances than from reality. All men have eyes, but few have the gift of penetration.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Men of perverse opinion do not know the excellence of what is in their hands, till someone dash it from them.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Mind is everything: muscle, pieces of rubber. All that I am, I am because of my mind.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Minds are like parachutes. They only function when open.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Minds, like bodies, will often fall into a pimpled, ill-conditioned state from mere excess of comfort.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Miracles come in moments. Be ready and willing.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Mistakes are always forgivable, if one has the courage to admit them.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Mistakes are the usual bridge between inexperience and wisdom.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Moral excellence comes about as a result of habit. We become just by doing just acts, temperate by doing temperate acts, brave by doing brave acts.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	More often than not, anger is actually an indication of weakness rather than of strength.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Most folks are as happy as they make up their minds to be.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Most great people have attained their greatest success just one step beyond their greatest failure.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Most of our pocket wisdom is conceived for the use of mediocre people, to discourage them from ambitious attempts, and generally console them in their mediocrity.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Most of the shadows of life are caused by standing in our own sunshine.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Most people are about as happy as they make up their minds to be
quotable	work-money	wisdom	general	0	Most people get interested in stocks when everyone else is. The time to get interested is when no one else is. You can't buy what is popular and do well.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Most people never run far enough on their first wind to find out they've got a second.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Most powerful is he who has himself in his own power.
quotable	work-money	wisdom	general	0	Motivation is the art of getting people to do what you want them to do because they want to do it.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Mountains cannot be surmounted except by winding paths.
quotable	faith	wisdom	general	0	Much though he recites the sacred texts, but acts not accordingly, that heedless man is like a cowherd who only counts the cows of others
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Much wisdom often goes with fewer words.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Much wisdom often goes with fewest words.
quotable	arts	wisdom	general	0	Music in the soul can be heard by the universe.
quotable	arts	wisdom	general	0	Music is a higher revelation than all wisdom and philosophy.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	My best friend is the one who brings out the best in me.
quotable	love	quip	general	0	My friends are my estate.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	My motto was always to keep swinging. Whether I was in a slump or feeling badly or having trouble off the field, the only thing to do was keep swinging.
quotable	faith	wisdom	general	0	My religion consists of a humble admiration of the illimitable superior spirit who reveals himself in the slight details we are able to perceive with our frail and feeble mind.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Myths which are believed in tend to become true.
quotable	nature	wisdom	general	0	Nature and books belong to the eyes that see them.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Nature gave us one tongue and two ears so we could hear twice as much as we speak.
quotable	nature	wisdom	general	0	Nature is a mutable cloud which is always and never the same.
quotable	science	wisdom	general	0	Nature takes away any faculty that is not used.
quotable	arts	wisdom	general	0	Neatness begets order; but from order to taste there is the same difference as from taste to genius, or from love to friendship.
quotable	love	wisdom	general	0	Neither a lofty degree of intelligence nor imagination nor both together go to the making of genius. Love, love, love, that is the soul of genius.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Never accept ultimatums, conventional wisdom, or absolutes.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Never apologize for showing feeling. When you do so, you apologize for truth.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Never apologize for showing feelings. When you do so, you apologize for the truth.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Never bend your head. Always hold it high. Look the world right in the eye.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Never complain and never explain.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Never deny a diagnosis but do deny the negative verdict that may go with it.
quotable	work-money	wisdom	general	0	Never do things others can do and will do, if there are things others cannot do or will not do.
quotable	society	wisdom	general	0	Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed people can change the world. Indeed. It is the only thing that ever has.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Never explain - your friends do not need it and your enemies will not believe you anyway.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Never find fault with the absent.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Never give up, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Never idealize others. They will never live up to your expectations.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Never interrupt someone doing what you said couldn't be done.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Never interrupt your enemy when he is making a mistake.
quotable	society	wisdom	general	0	Never make friends with people who are above or below you in status. Such friendships will never give you any happiness.
quotable	work-money	aphorism	general	0	Never mistake activity for achievement.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Never mistake motion for action.
quotable	love	wisdom	general	0	Never pretend to a love which you do not actually feel, for love is not ours to command.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Never promise more than you can perform.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Never put off till tomorrow what you can do today.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Never reach out your hand unless you're willing to extend an arm.
quotable	nature	uplifting	general	0	Never say there is nothing beautiful in the world anymore. There is always something to make you wonder in the shape of a tree, the trembling of a leaf.
quotable	work-money	aphorism	general	0	Never tell people how to do things. Tell them what to do and they will surprise you with their ingenuity.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Never, never, never give up.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Nine-tenths of wisdom is being wise in time.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	No alibi will save you from accepting the responsibility.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	No bird soars too high if he soars with his own wings.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	No day in which you learn something is a complete loss.
quotable	love	aphorism	general	0	No distance of place or lapse of time can lessen the friendship of those who are thoroughly persuaded of each other's worth.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	No enterprise is more likely to succeed than one concealed from the enemy until it is ripe for execution.
quotable	nature	aphorism	general	0	No garden is without its weeds.
quotable	work-money	aphorism	general	0	No man can succeed in a line of endeavor which he does not like.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	No man has a good enough memory to be a successful liar.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	No man is free who is not master of himself.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	No man was ever wise by chance.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	No matter how carefully you plan your goals they will never be more than pipe dreams unless you pursue them with gusto.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	No one has a finer command of language than the person who keeps his mouth shut.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	No one has ever become poor by giving.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	No one is useless in this world who lightens the burdens of another.
quotable	society	wisdom	general	0	No party has a monopoly on wisdom. No democracy works without compromise.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	No person is your friend who demands your silence or denies your right to grow.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	No pessimist ever discovered the secrets of the stars, or sailed to an uncharted land, or opened a new heaven to the human spirit.
quotable	society	wisdom	general	0	No snowflake in an avalanche ever feels responsible.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	No valid plans for the future can be made by those who have no capacity for living now.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	No work or love will flourish out of guilt, fear, or hollowness of heart, just as no valid plans for the future can be made by those who have no capacity for living now.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	No yesterdays are ever wasted for those who give themselves to today.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Nobody made a greater mistake than he who did nothing because he could do only a little.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Nobody will believe in you unless you believe in yourself.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	None knows the weight of another's burden.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Not all those who wander are lost.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Not engaging in ignorance is wisdom.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Not every difficult and dangerous thing is suitable for training, but only that which is conducive to success in achieving the object of our effort.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Not what we have but what we enjoy constitutes our abundance.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Nothing but heaven itself is better than a friend who is really a friend.
quotable	life	dark	general	0	Nothing could be worse than the fear that one had given up too soon and left one unexpended effort that might have saved the world.
quotable	health-body	wisdom	general	0	Nothing diminishes anxiety faster than action.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Nothing ever goes away until it has taught us what we need to know.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Nothing happens unless first we dream.
quotable	life	quip	general	0	Nothing in life is so exhilarating as to be shot at without result.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Nothing in life is to be feared, it is only to be understood. Now is the time to understand more, so that we may fear less.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Nothing in life is to be feared. It is only to be understood.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Nothing is at last sacred but the integrity of your own mind.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Nothing is softer or more flexible than water, yet nothing can resist it.
quotable	society	wisdom	general	0	Nothing strengthens authority so much as silence.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Nothing will work unless you do.
quotable	nature	wisdom	general	0	Notice that the stiffest tree is most easily cracked, while the bamboo or willow survives by bending with the wind.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Now this is not the end. It is not even the beginning of the end. But it is, perhaps, the end of the beginning.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Numberless are the worlds wonders, but none more wonderful than man.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	O, what a tangled web we weave when first we practice to deceive!
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Obstacles are those things you see when you take your eyes off the goal.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Of all possessions a friend is the most precious.
quotable	love	wisdom	general	0	Of all the things which wisdom provides to make us entirely happy, much the greatest is the possession of friendship.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Of course there is no formula for success except perhaps an unconditional acceptance of life and what it brings.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	On every thorn, delightful wisdom grows, in every rill a sweet instruction flows.
quotable	tech	aphorism	general	0	Once a new technology rolls over you, if you're not part of the steamroller, you're part of the road.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Once we accept our limits, we go beyond them.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Once you choose hope, anything's possible.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Once you label me you negate me.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	One fails forward toward success.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	One friend in a lifetime is much; two are many; three are hardly possible. Friendship needs a certain parallelism of life, a community of thought, a rivalry of aim.
quotable	faith	wisdom	general	0	One is not called noble who harms living beings. By not harming living beings one is called noble.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	One loyal friend is worth ten thousand relatives.
quotable	tech	wisdom	general	0	One machine can do the work of fifty ordinary men. No machine can do the work of one extraordinary man.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	One man practicing sportsmanship is far better than a hundred teaching it.
quotable	science	wisdom	general	0	One may say the eternal mystery of the world is its comprehensibility.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	One must be fond of people and trust them if one is not to make a mess of life.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	One needs something to believe in, something for which one can have whole-hearted enthusiasm. One needs to feel that one's life has meaning, that one is needed in this world.
quotable	life	quip	general	0	One of the advantages of being disorderly is that one is constantly making exciting discoveries.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	One of the most beautiful qualities of true friendship is to understand and to be understood.
quotable	work-money	wisdom	general	0	One of the tests of leadership is the ability to recognize a problem before it becomes an emergency.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	One secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	One should not hurt others if one loves oneself.
quotable	faith	wisdom	general	0	One should train in deeds of merit - generosity, a balanced life, developing a loving mind - that yield long-lasting happiness.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	One that desires to excel should endeavor in those things that are in themselves most excellent.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	One today is worth two tomorrows.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	One who gains strength by overcoming obstacles possesses the only strength which can overcome adversity.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	One who is too insistent on his own views, finds few to agree with him.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	One's friends are that part of the human race with which one can be human.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	One's life has value so long as one attributes value to the life of others, by means of love, friendship, indignation and compassion.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	One's philosophy is not best expressed in words; it is expressed in the choices one makes... and the choices we make are ultimately our responsibility.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Only I can change my life. No one can do it for me.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Only do what your heart tells you.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Only through our connectedness to others can we really know and enhance the self. And only through working on the self can we begin to enhance our connectedness to others.
quotable	science	observation	general	0	Only two things are infinite, the universe and human stupidity, and I'm not sure about the former.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Only when we are no longer afraid do we begin to live.
quotable	life	dark	general	0	Opportunity does not knock, it presents itself when you beat down the door.
quotable	work-money	aphorism	general	0	Opportunity is missed by most because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work.
quotable	work-money	wisdom	general	0	Opportunity often comes disguised in the form of misfortune, or temporary defeat.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Our character is what we do when we think no one is looking.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Our distrust is very expensive.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Our doubts are traitors and make us lose the good we often might win, by fearing to attempt.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Our greatness lies not so much in being able to remake the world as being able to remake ourselves.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Our intention creates our reality.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Our kindness may be the most persuasive argument for that which we believe.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Our lives are a sum total of the choices we have made.
quotable	faith	wisdom	general	0	Our lives are the only meaningful expression of what we believe and in Whom we believe. And the only real wealth, for any of us, lies in our faith.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Our most intimate friend is not he to whom we show the worst, but the best of our nature.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Our passion is our strength.
quotable	society	wisdom	general	0	Our shared values define us more than our differences. And acknowledging those shared values can see us through our challenges today if we have the wisdom to trust in them again.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Our strength grows out of our weaknesses.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Our virtues and our failings are inseparable, like force and matter. When they separate, man is no more.
quotable	work-money	wisdom	general	0	Our work is the presentation of our capabilities.
quotable	faith	wisdom	general	0	Pain and foolishness lead to great bliss and complete knowledge, for Eternal Wisdom created nothing under the sun in vain.
quotable	family	wisdom	general	0	Parents can only give good advice or put them on the right paths, but the final forming of a person's character lies in their own hands.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Patience and perseverance have a magical effect before which difficulties disappear and obstacles vanish.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Patience is the companion of wisdom.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Peace begins with a smile.
quotable	society	aphorism	general	0	Peace cannot be kept by force. It can only be achieved by understanding.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Peace is not something you wish for. It's something you make, something you do, something you are, and something you give away.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	People are not lazy. They simply have impotent goals - that is, goals that do not inspire them.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	People are so constituted that everybody would rather undertake what they see others do, whether they have an aptitude for it or not.
quotable	life	observation	general	0	People ask me what I do in winter when there's no baseball. I'll tell you what I do. I stare out the window and wait for spring.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	People don't notice whether it's winter or summer when they're happy.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	People grow through experience if they meet life honestly and courageously. This is how character is built.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	People may doubt what you say, but they will believe what you do.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	People take different roads seeking fulfilment and happiness. Just because they're not on your road doesn't mean they've gotten lost.
quotable	tech	observation	general	0	People usually compare the computer to the head of the human being. I would say that hardware is the bone of the head, the skull. The semiconductor is the brain within the head. The software is the wisdom. And data is the knowledge.
quotable	society	observation	general	0	Perfection of means and confusion of ends seems to characterize our age.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Permanence, perseverance and persistence in spite of all obstacles, discouragements, and impossibilities: It is this, that in all things distinguishes the strong soul from the weak.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Perseverance is a great element of success. If you only knock long enough and loud enough at the gate, you are sure to wake up somebody.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Persuasion is often more effectual than force.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Pick battles big enough to matter, small enough to win.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Pitching is the art of instilling fear.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Positive thinking will let you do everything better than negative thinking will.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Practice yourself, for heaven's sake in little things, and then proceed to greater.
quotable	society	wisdom	general	0	Prejudice is a burden that confuses the past, threatens the future and renders the present inaccessible.
quotable	work-money	wisdom	general	0	Price is what you pay. Value is what you get.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Problems are not stop signs, they are guidelines.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Problems are only opportunities with thorns on them.
quotable	tech	wisdom	general	0	Programs must be written for people to read, and only incidentally for machines to execute.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Promises are the uniquely human way of ordering the future, making it predictable and reliable to the extent that this is humanly possible.
quotable	faith	wisdom	general	0	Pure, holy simplicity confounds all the wisdom of this world and the wisdom of the flesh.
quotable	faith	wisdom	general	0	Purity and impurity depend on oneself; no one can purify another.
quotable	work-money	wisdom	general	0	Quality is never an accident; it is always the result of intelligent effort.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Quality is not an act; it is a habit.
quotable	work-money	wisdom	general	0	Quality means doing it right when no one is looking.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Quick decisions are unsafe decisions.
quotable	faith	wisdom	general	0	Radiate boundless love towards the entire world - above, below, and across - unhindered, without ill will, without enmity.
quotable	faith	uplifting	general	0	Radiate boundless love towards the entire world...
quotable	love	aphorism	general	0	Rare as is true love, true friendship is rarer.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Read as you taste fruit or savor wine, or enjoy friendship, love or life.
quotable	arts	wisdom	general	0	Reading, after a certain age, diverts the mind too much from its creative pursuits. Any man who reads too much and uses his own brain too little falls into lazy habits of thinking.
quotable	love	wisdom	general	0	Real magic in relationships means an absence of judgement of others.
quotable	work-money	wisdom	general	0	Real success is finding your lifework in the work that you love.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Reality does not conform to the ideal but confirms it.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Reality leaves a lot to the imagination.
quotable	society	wisdom	general	0	Reason and free inquiry are the only effectual agents against error.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Reflect on your present blessings, of which every man has many; not on your past misfortunes, of which all men have some.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Rejoicing in our joy, not suffering over our suffering, makes someone a friend.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Remember always that you not only have the right to be an individual, you have an obligation to be one.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Remember that a gesture of friendship, no matter how small, is always appreciated.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Remember that failure is an event, not a person.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Remember that sometimes not getting what you want is a wonderful stroke of luck.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Remember that the most valuable antiques are dear old friends.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Resolutely train yourself to attain peace.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Respect should be earned by actions, and not acquired by years.
quotable	work-money	quip	general	0	Results! Why, man, I have gotten a lot of results. I know several thousand things that won't work.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Reviewing what you have learned and learning anew, you are fit to be a teacher.
quotable	arts	observation	general	0	Rock n' roll as a genre is different from pop and hip hop: it is about bands, and that for me suggests brotherhood, family, friendship and community.
quotable	society	quip	general	0	Russia is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Sadness flies away on the wings of time.
quotable	science	wisdom	general	0	Science and technology revolutionize our lives, but memory, tradition and myth frame our response.
quotable	science	wisdom	general	0	Science gives us knowledge, but only philosophy can give us wisdom.
quotable	science	wisdom	general	0	Science investigates; religion interprets. Science gives man knowledge which is power; religion gives man wisdom which is control.
quotable	science	wisdom	general	0	Science is organized knowledge. Wisdom is organized life.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	See the positive side, the potential, and make an effort.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Self-trust is the first secret of success.
quotable	society	wisdom	general	0	Serious sport has nothing to do with fair play. It is bound up with hatred, jealousy, boastfulness, disregard of all rules and sadistic pleasure in witnessing violence. In other words, it is war minus the shooting.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Set your goals high, and don't stop till you get there.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Setting an example is not the main means of influencing another, it is the only means.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Share your smile with the world. It's a symbol of friendship and peace.
quotable	arts	aphorism	general	0	Short words are best and the old words when short are best of all.
quotable	faith	wisdom	general	0	Should a person do good, let him do it again and again. Let him find pleasure therein, for blissful is the accumulation of good.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Should a seeker not find a companion who is better or equal, let them resolutely pursue a solitary course.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Should someone do good, let them do it again and again. They should develop this habit, for the accumulation of goodness brings joy.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Should you find a wise critic to point out your faults, follow him as you would a guide to hidden treasure.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Silence at the proper season is wisdom, and better than any speech.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Silence is a source of great strength.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Silence is deep as Eternity; Speech is shallow as Time.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Silence is the sleep that nourishes wisdom.
quotable	love	aphorism	general	0	Silence is the true friend that never betrays.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Simply put, you believer that things or people make you unhappy, but this is not accurate. You make yourself unhappy.
quotable	faith	aphorism	general	0	Sincerity is the way of Heaven. The attainment of sincerity is the way of men.
quotable	faith	wisdom	general	0	Sir, my concern is not whether God is on our side; my greatest concern is to be on God's side, for God is always right.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Six essential qualities that are the key to success: Sincerity, personal integrity, humility, courtesy, wisdom, charity.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Skill to do comes of doing.
quotable	work-money	aphorism	general	0	Small opportunities are often the beginning of great enterprises.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Smile, breathe and go slowly.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	So is cheerfulness, or a good temper, the more it is spent, the more remains.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	So long as a person is capable of self-renewal they are a living being.
quotable	tech	quip	general	0	So much technology, so little talent.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	So then, the relationship of self to other is the complete realization that loving yourself is impossible without loving everything defined as other than yourself.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Some do not understand that we must die, But those who do realize this settle their quarrels.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Some of the best lessons we ever learn are learned from past mistakes. The error of the past is the wisdom and success of the future.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Some people are born on third base and go through life thinking they hit a triple.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Some people go to priests; others to poetry; I to my friends.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Some people thrive on huge, dramatic change. Some people prefer the slow and steady route. Do what's right for you.
quotable	faith	uplifting	general	0	Something opens our wings. Something makes boredom and hurt disappear. Someone fills the cup in front of us: We taste only sacredness.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Sometimes I am happy and sometimes not. I am, after all, a human being, you know. And I am glad that we are sometimes happy and sometimes not. You get your wisdom working by having different emotions.
quotable	love	aphorism	general	0	Sometimes being a friend means mastering the art of timing. There is a time for silence. A time to let go and allow people to hurl themselves into their own destiny. And a time to prepare to pick up the pieces when it's all over.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Sometimes it is better to lose and do the right thing than to win and do the wrong thing.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Sometimes our fate resembles a fruit tree in winter. Who would think that those branches would turn green again and blossom, but we hope it, we know it.
quotable	life	observation	general	0	Sometimes the most important thing in a whole day is the rest we take between two deep breaths.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Sometimes your joy is the source of your smile, but sometimes your smile can be the source of your joy.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can.
quotable	life	dark	general	0	Sorrow is knowledge, those that know the most must mourn the deepest, the tree of knowledge is not the tree of life.
quotable	love	aphorism	general	0	Speak low, if you speak love.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Speak only endearing speech, speech that is welcomed. Speech, when it brings no evil to others, is a pleasant thing.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Speak when you are angry, and you will make the best speech you will ever regret.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Spectacular achievement is always preceded by unspectacular preparation.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Sports do not build character. They reveal it.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Spread love everywhere you go. Let no one ever come to you without leaving happier.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Start with what is right rather than what is acceptable.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Stay away from what might have been and look at what will be.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Stay committed to your decisions, but stay flexible in your approach.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Step with care and great tact and remember that Life's a Great Balancing Act.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Strong beliefs win strong men, and then make them stronger.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Strong people make as many mistakes as weak people. Difference is that strong people admit their mistakes, laugh at them, learn from them. That is how they become strong.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Study the past, if you would divine the future.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Subdue your appetites, my dears, and you've conquered human nature.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm.
quotable	work-money	wisdom	general	0	Success in business requires training and discipline and hard work. But if you're not frightened by these things, the opportunities are just as great today as they ever were.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Success is not final; failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.
quotable	work-money	wisdom	general	0	Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Success is where preparation and opportunity meet.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Successful people ask better questions, and as a result, they get better answers.
quotable	nature	wisdom	general	0	Sunshine is delicious, rain is refreshing, wind braces us up, snow is exhilarating; there is really no such thing as bad weather, only different kinds of good weather.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Sustaining true friendship is a lot more challenging than we give it credit for.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Sweet is the memory of distant friends! Like the mellow rays of the departing sun, it falls tenderly, yet sadly, on the heart.
quotable	work-money	quip	general	0	Swim upstream. Go the other way. Ignore the conventional wisdom.
quotable	life	quip	general	0	TV and the Internet are good because they keep stupid people from spending too much time out in public.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Take no thought of who is right or wrong or who is better than. Be not for or against.
quotable	nature	wisdom	general	0	Take rest; a field that has rested gives a bountiful crop.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Take things as they are. Punch when you have to punch. Kick when you have to kick.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Take time to deliberate, but when the time for action has arrived, stop thinking and go in.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life - think of it, dream of it, live on that idea. Let the brain, muscles, nerves, every part of your body, be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea alone. This is the way to success.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Talent is God given. Be humble. Fame is man-given. Be grateful. Conceit is self-given. Be careful.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Talent is God-given; be humble. Fame is man-given; be thankful. Conceit is self-given; be careful.
quotable	tech	quip	general	0	Technological progress has merely provided us with more efficient means for going backwards.
quotable	tech	quip	general	0	Technology frightens me to death. It's designed by engineers to impress other engineers. And they always come with instruction booklets that are written by engineers for other engineers - which is why almost no technology ever works.
quotable	tech	aphorism	general	0	Technology has to be invented or adopted.
quotable	tech	quip	general	0	Technology is a word that describes something that doesn't work yet.
quotable	tech	wisdom	general	0	Technology is anything that wasn't around when you were born.
quotable	tech	wisdom	general	0	Technology is destructive only in the hands of people who do not realize that they are one and the same process as the universe.
quotable	tech	wisdom	general	0	Technology is nothing. What's important is that you have a faith in people, that they're basically good and smart, and if you give them tools, they'll do wonderful things with them.
quotable	tech	wisdom	general	0	Technology is teaching us to be human again.
quotable	tech	wisdom	general	0	Technology is the campfire around which we tell our stories.
quotable	tech	wisdom	general	0	Technology made large populations possible; large populations now make technology indispensable.
quotable	tech	wisdom	general	0	Technology presumes there's just one right way to do things and there never is.
quotable	tech	quip	general	0	Technology... is a queer thing. It brings you great gifts with one hand, and it stabs you in the back with the other.
quotable	tech	wisdom	general	0	Technology... the knack of so arranging the world that we don't have to experience it.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Tell me and I forget. Teach me and I remember. Involve me and I learn.
quotable	life	observation	general	0	Tennis is a perfect combination of violent action taking place in an atmosphere of total tranquillity.
quotable	society	wisdom	general	0	That old law about 'an eye for an eye' leaves everybody blind. The time is always right to do the right thing.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	That's the risk you take if you change: that people you've been involved with won't like the new you. But other people who do will come along.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	The Superior Man is aware of Righteousness, the inferior man is aware of advantage.
quotable	society	wisdom	general	0	The World is my country, all mankind are my brethren, and to do good is my religion.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The aim of life is self-development. To realize one's nature perfectly - that is what each of us is here for.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The amount of happiness that you have depends on the amount of freedom you have in your heart.
quotable	arts	wisdom	general	0	The art challenges the technology, and the technology inspires the art.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The art of progress is to preserve order amid change, and to preserve change amid order.
quotable	arts	wisdom	general	0	The art of storytelling is reaching its end because the epic side of truth, wisdom, is dying out.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The attempt to combine wisdom and power has only rarely been successful and then only for a short while.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The awareness of our own strength makes us modest.
quotable	society	aphorism	general	0	The ballot is stronger than the bullet.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	The beginning is always today.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The beginning of knowledge is the discovery of something we do not understand.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The beginning of wisdom is found in doubting; by doubting we come to the question, and by seeking we may come upon the truth.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen, nor touched... but are felt in the heart.
quotable	society	quip	general	0	The best argument against democracy is a five-minute conversation with the average voter.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The best cure for the body is a quiet mind.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	The best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	The best thing about the future is that it only comes one day at a time.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The best thing in every noble dream is the dreamer...
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	The best way out is always through.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The best way to pay for a lovely moment is to enjoy it.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	The best way to predict your future is to create it.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	The biggest adventure you can ever take is to live the life of your dreams.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	The biggest room in the world is room for improvement.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	The bird of paradise alights only upon the hand that does not grasp.
quotable	faith	wisdom	general	0	The calmed say that what is well-spoken is best; second, that one should say what is right, not unrighteous; third, what's pleasing, not displeasing; fourth, what is true, not false.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The cause is hidden. The effect is visible to all.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	The cautious seldom err.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	The conditions of conquest are always easy. We have but to toil awhile, endure awhile, believe always, and never turn back.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	The day of fortune is like a harvest day, we must be busy when the corn is ripe.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The deepest craving of human nature is the need to be appreciated.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The difference between what we do and what we are capable of doing would suffice to solve most of the world's problems.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The differences between friends cannot but reinforce their friendship.
quotable	health-body	wisdom	general	0	The doctor of the future will give no medicine, but will interest her or his patients in the care of the human frame, in a proper diet, and in the cause and prevention of disease.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The doors of wisdom are never shut.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The doorstep to the temple of wisdom is a knowledge of our own ignorance.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The dream was always running ahead of me. To catch up, to live for a moment in unison with it, that was the miracle.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The ego is nothing other than the focus of conscious attention.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The energy of the mind is the essence of life.
quotable	work-money	wisdom	general	0	The entrepreneur always searches for change, responds to it, and exploits it as an opportunity.
quotable	love	aphorism	general	0	The essence of true friendship is to make allowance for another's little lapses.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The exercise of an extraordinary gift is the supremist pleasure in life.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The extreme limit of wisdom, that's what the public calls madness.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The eye sees only what the mind is prepared to comprehend.
quotable	society	wisdom	general	0	The fact is, with every friendship you make, and every bond of trust you establish, you are shaping the image of America projected to the rest of the world. That is so important. So when you study abroad, you're actually helping to make America stronger.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	The fall of dropping water wears away the Stone.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The farther backward you can look, the farther forward you can see.
quotable	work-money	wisdom	general	0	The fewer rules a coach has, the fewer rules there are for players to break.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The final proof of greatness lies in being able to endure criticism without resentment.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The final wisdom of life requires not the annulment of incongruity but the achievement of serenity within and above it.
quotable	work-money	wisdom	general	0	The first duty of a human being is to assume the right functional relationship to society - more briefly, to find your real job, and do it.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The first requisite for success is the ability to apply your physical and mental energies to one problem incessantly without growing weary.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The first step to getting the things you want out of life is this: decide what you want.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The foolish man seeks happiness in the distance, the wise grows it under his feet.
quotable	nature	aphorism	general	0	The fox has many tricks. The hedgehog has but one. But that is the best of all.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The free man is he who does not fear to go to the end of his thought.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The friend who can be silent with us in a moment of despair or confusion, who can stay with us in an hour of grief and bereavement, who can tolerate not knowing... not healing, not curing... that is a friend who cares.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	The friendship that can cease has never been real.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	The function of wisdom is to discriminate between good and evil.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	The future is completely open, and we are writing it moment to moment.
quotable	work-money	quip	general	0	The gambling known as business looks with austere disfavor upon the business known as gambling.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The grand essentials of happiness are: something to do, something to love, and something to hope for.
quotable	tech	aphorism	general	0	The great myth of our times is that technology is communication.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The greater danger for most of us lies not in setting our aim too high and falling short; but in setting our aim too low and achieving our mark.
quotable	science	wisdom	general	0	The greater our knowledge increases the more our ignorance unfolds.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The greater part of human pain is unnecessary. It is self-created as long as the unobserved mind runs your life.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The greatest achievement of humanity is not its works of art, science, or technology, but the recognition of its own dysfunction.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The greatest danger for most of us is not that our aim is too high, and we miss it, but that it is too low, and we reach it.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The greatest discovery of our generation is that human beings can alter their lives by altering their attitudes of mind. As you think, so shall you be.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	The greatest gift of life is friendship, and I have received it.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The greatest good you can do for another is not just share your riches but reveal to them their own.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The greatest healing therapy is friendship and love.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The greatest minds are capable of the greatest vices as well as of the greatest virtues.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The greatest obstacle to being heroic is the doubt whether one may not be going to prove oneself a fool; the truest heroism is to resist the doubt; and the profoundest wisdom, to know when it ought to be resisted, and when it be obeyed.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The greatest obstacle to connecting with our joy is resentment.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The greatest obstacle to discovery is not ignorance - it is the illusion of knowledge.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The greatest part of our happiness depends on our dispositions, not our circumstances.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The greatest pleasure I know is to do a good action by stealth, and to have it found out by accident.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	The greatest remedy for anger is delay.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The greatest way to live with honor in this world is to be what we pretend to be.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The happiness of a man in this life does not consist in the absence but in the mastery of his passions.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The happiness that is genuinely satisfying is accompanied by the fullest exercise of our faculties and the fullest realization of the world in which we live.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The heart has eyes which the brain knows nothing of.
quotable	love	wisdom	general	0	The heart has its reasons which reason knows not of.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The higher we are placed, the more humbly we should walk.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The highest stage in moral culture at which we can arrive is when we recognize that we ought to control our thoughts.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	The hours of folly are measured by the clock; but of wisdom, no clock can measure.
quotable	tech	aphorism	general	0	The human spirit must prevail over technology.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The ideals which have lighted my way, and time after time have given me new courage to face life cheerfully, have been Kindness, Beauty, and Truth. The trite subjects of human efforts, possessions, outward success, luxury have always seemed to me contemptible.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The important thing is this: to be able at any moment to sacrifice what we are for what we could become.
quotable	work-money	observation	general	0	The industrial landscape is already littered with remains of once successful companies that could not adapt their strategic vision to altered conditions of competition.
quotable	society	quip	general	0	The inherent vice of capitalism is the unequal sharing of blessings; the inherent virtue of socialism is the equal sharing of miseries.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The invariable mark of wisdom is to see the miraculous in the common.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The key is to keep company only with people who uplift you, whose presence calls forth your best.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The key to growth is the introduction of higher dimensions of consciousness into our awareness.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The key to transforming our hearts and minds is to have an understanding of how our thoughts and emotions work.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The key to wisdom is this - constant and frequent questioning, for by doubting we are led to question and by questioning we arrive at the truth.
quotable	work-money	aphorism	general	0	The ladder of success is never crowded at the top.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The language of friendship is not words but meanings.
quotable	nature	wisdom	general	0	The least movement is of importance to all nature. The entire ocean is affected by a pebble.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The least of things with a meaning is worth more in life than the greatest of things without it.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The less effort, the faster and more powerful you will be.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The longer we dwell on our misfortunes, the greater is their power to harm us.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	The lure of the distant and the difficult is deceptive. The great opportunity is where you are.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The man of knowledge must be able not only to love his enemies but also to hate his friends.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The man who makes everything that leads to happiness depends upon himself, and not upon other men, has adopted the very best plan for living happily. This is the man of moderation, the man of manly character and of wisdom.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	The man who trusts men will make fewer mistakes than he who distrusts them.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The mark of your ignorance is the depth of your belief in injustice and tragedy. What the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the Master calls the butterfly.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	The meaning I picked, the one that changed my life: Overcome fear, behold wonder.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The mind unlearns with difficulty what it has long learned.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The minute you settle for less than you deserve, you get even less than you settled for.
quotable	nature	wisdom	general	0	The moment one gives close attention to anything, even a blade of grass, it becomes a mysterious, awesome, indescribably magnificent world in itself.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The moment one gives close attention to anything, it becomes a mysterious, awesome, indescribably magnificent world in itself.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	The more light you allow within you, the brighter the world you live in will be.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The more man meditates upon good thoughts, the better will be his world and the world at large.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The more sand that has escaped from the hourglass of our life, the clearer we should see through it.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	The more you care, the stronger you can be.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The more you know yourself, the more you forgive yourself.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The more you like yourself, the less you are like anyone else, which makes you unique.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The most I can do for my friend is simply be his friend.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	The most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched. They must be felt with the heart.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The most certain sign of wisdom is cheerfulness.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The most complicated achievements of thought are possible without the assistance of consciousness.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity. The fears are paper tigers. You can do anything you decide to do. You can act to change and control your life; and the procedure, the process is its own reward.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	The most effective way to do it, is to do it.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The most formidable weapon against errors of every kind is reason.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	The most important thing is transforming our minds, for a new way of thinking, a new outlook: we should strive to develop a new inner world.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The most precious gift we can offer anyone is our attention. When mindfulness embraces those we love, they will bloom like flowers.
quotable	work-money	aphorism	general	0	The most successful people are those who are good at plan B.
quotable	tech	quip	general	0	The most technologically efficient machine that man has ever invented is the book.
quotable	faith	wisdom	general	0	The noblest worship is to make yourself as good and as just as you can.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The older I get the more wisdom I find in the ancient rule of taking first things first. A process which often reduces the most complex human problem to a manageable proportion.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	The one thing that you have that nobody else has is you. Your voice, your mind, your story, your vision. So write and draw and build and play and dance and live as only you can.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The only Zen you find on the tops of mountains is the Zen you bring up there.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The only journey is the one within.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	The only limit to your impact is your imagination and commitment.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	The only person who never makes mistakes is the person who never does anything.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The only real mistake is the one from which we learn nothing.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The only real valuable thing is intuition.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	The only thing to do with good advice is to pass it on. It is never of any use to oneself.
quotable	work-money	quip	general	0	The only time to buy these is on a day with no 'y' in it.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The only way to have a friend is to be one.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The only way to make sense out of change is to plunge into it, move with it, and join the dance.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	The only way to prove that you're a good sport is to lose.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The only way to tell the truth is to speak with kindness. Only the words of a loving man can be heard.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	The opportunity for brotherhood presents itself every time you meet a human being.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	The pain passes, but the beauty remains.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The past has no power to stop you from being present now. Only your grievance about the past can do that.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	The path to success is to take massive, determined action.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The person born with a talent they are meant to use will find their greatest happiness in using it.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The person who lives life fully, glowing with life's energy, is the person who lives a successful life.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The person who makes a success of living is the one who see his goal steadily and aims for it unswervingly. That is dedication.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The personal life deeply lived always expands into truths beyond itself.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	The pessimist complains about the wind; the optimist expects it to change; the realist adjusts the sails.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty.
quotable	society	wisdom	general	0	The philosophy of the school room in one generation will be the philosophy of government in the next.
quotable	nature	wisdom	general	0	The pine stays green in winter... wisdom in hardship.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The place to improve the world is first in one's own heart and head and hands.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The poor man is not he who is without a cent, but he who is without a dream.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The possession of knowledge does not kill the sense of wonder and mystery. There is always more mystery.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	The possibilities are numerous once we decide to act and not react.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The power of intuitive understanding will protect you from harm until the end of your days.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The price of greatness is responsibility.
quotable	tech	wisdom	general	0	The problem with Google is you have 360 degrees of omnidirectional information on a linear basis, but the algorithms for irony and ambiguity are not there. And those are the algorithms of wisdom.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The purpose of learning is growth, and our minds, unlike our bodies, can continue growing as we continue to live.
quotable	tech	wisdom	general	0	The real danger is not that computers will begin to think like men, but that men will begin to think like computers.
quotable	tech	wisdom	general	0	The real problem is not whether machines think but whether men do.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The really unhappy person is the one who leaves undone what they can do, and starts doing what they don't understand; no wonder they come to grief.
quotable	society	wisdom	general	0	The right way is not always the popular and easy way. Standing for right when it is unpopular is a true test of moral character.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	The road of excess leads to the palace of wisdom.
quotable	faith	wisdom	general	0	The root of suffering is attachment.
quotable	love	aphorism	general	0	The rule of friendship means there should be mutual sympathy between them, each supplying what the other lacks and trying to benefit the other, always using friendly and sincere words.
quotable	science	observation	general	0	The saddest aspect of life right now is that science gathers knowledge faster than society gathers wisdom.
quotable	work-money	aphorism	general	0	The secret of business is to know something that nobody else knows.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	The secret of getting ahead is getting started.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	The secret of success is constancy to purpose.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The self is not something ready-made, but something in continuous formation through choice of action.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The shoe that fits one person pinches another; there is no recipe for living that suits all cases.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	The simplest things are often the truest.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The sincere friends of this world are as ship lights in the stormiest of nights.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	The smaller the mind the greater the conceit.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The smallest act of kindness is worth more than the grandest intention.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The smallest deed is better than the greatest intention.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The smallest flower is a thought, a life answering to some feature of the Great Whole, of whom they have a persistent intuition.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The spirit, the will to win, and the will to excel, are the things that endure. These qualities are so much more important than the events that occur.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The strong bond of friendship is not always a balanced equation; friendship is not always about giving and taking in equal shares. Instead, friendship is grounded in a feeling that you know exactly who will be there for you when you need something, no matter what or when.
quotable	work-money	wisdom	general	0	The sum of wisdom is that time is never lost that is devoted to work.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The superior man acts before he speaks, and afterwards speaks according to his action.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	The superior man blames himself. The inferior man blames others.
quotable	life	observation	general	0	The superior man is modest in his speech but exceeds in his actions.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The superior man is satisfied and composed; the mean man is always full of distress.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The superior man understands what is right; the inferior man understands what will sell.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The supreme art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The teacher who is indeed wise does not bid you to enter the house of his wisdom but rather leads you to the threshold of your mind.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The thing always happens that you really believe in; and the belief in a thing makes it happen.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The thing that is disliked by me is also disliked by others. Since I dislike this thing, how can I inflict it on someone else?
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The things that one most wants to do are the things that are probably most worth doing.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The thoughts we choose to think are the tools we use to paint the canvas of our lives.
quotable	work-money	wisdom	general	0	The three great essentials to achieve anything worthwhile are: Hard work, Stick-to-itiveness, and Common sense.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	The time to repair the roof is when the sun is shining.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The trick is in what one emphasizes. We either make ourselves miserable, or we make ourselves happy. The amount of work is the same.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The trouble with most people is that they think with their hopes or fears or wishes rather than with their minds.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The truest greatness lies in being kind, the truest wisdom in a happy mind.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The truest wisdom is a resolute determination.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The truth is incontrovertible. Malice may attack it, ignorance may deride it, but in the end, there it is.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The truth is not for all men, but only for those who seek it.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The truth of the matter is that you always know the right thing to do. The hard part is doing it.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The truth you believe and cling to makes you unavailable to hear anything new.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The two most powerful warriors are patience and time.
quotable	tech	wisdom	general	0	The ultimate promise of technology is to make us master of a world that we command by the push of a button.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	The universe is full of magical things, patiently waiting for our wits to grow sharper.
quotable	arts	wisdom	general	0	The universe is made of stories, not atoms.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The universe is transformation; our life is what our thoughts make it.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The virtue of justice consists in moderation, as regulated by wisdom.
quotable	work-money	aphorism	general	0	The way a team plays as a whole determines its success. You may have the greatest bunch of individual stars in the world, but if they don't play together, the club won't be worth a dime.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The way we communicate with others and with ourselves ultimately determines the quality of our lives.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The way you see people is the way you treat them, and the way you treat them is what they become.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The weak can never forgive. Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	The will to win, the desire to succeed, the urge to reach your full potential... these are the keys that will unlock the door to personal excellence.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	The winds and waves are always on the side of the ablest navigators.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The winner ain't the one with the fastest car it's the one who refuses to lose.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The wisdom of the wise, and the experience of ages, may be preserved by quotation.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The wise man does not lay up his own treasures. The more he gives to others, the more he has for his own.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The wisest men follow their own direction.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The word philosophy sounds high-minded, but it simply means the love of wisdom. If you love something, you don't just read about it; you hug it, you mess with it, you play with it, you argue with it.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The world cares very little about what a man or woman knows; it is what a man or woman is able to do that counts.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	The world has the habit of making room for the man whose actions show that he knows where he is going.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	The world is a book, and those who do not travel read only a page.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The world is afflicted by death and decay. But the wise do not grieve, having realized the nature of the world.
quotable	arts	wisdom	general	0	The world is but a canvas to the imagination.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The world is round and the place which may seem like the end may also be the beginning.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The world is round so that friendship may encircle it.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The world makes way for the man who knows where he is going.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	The world turns aside to let any man pass who knows where he is going.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The years teach much which the days never know.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	The young man knows the rules, but the old man knows the exceptions.
quotable	life	observation	general	0	There are basically two types of people. People who accomplish things, and people who claim to have accomplished things. The first group is less crowded.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	There are many ways of going forward, but only one way of standing still.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	There are no failures. Just experiences and your reactions to them.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	There are no limitations to the mind except those we acknowledge.
quotable	work-money	wisdom	general	0	There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	There are no strangers here; Only friends you haven't yet met.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle.
quotable	work-money	observation	general	0	There are people who have money and people who are rich.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	There are things so deep and complex that only intuition can reach it in our stage of development as human beings.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	There are three classes of men; lovers of wisdom, lovers of honor, and lovers of gain.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	There are three faithful friends - an old wife, an old dog, and ready money.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	There are three methods to gaining wisdom. The first is reflection, which is the highest. The second is limitation, which is the easiest. The third is experience, which is the bitterest.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	There are two kinds of failures: those who thought and never did, and those who did and never thought.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	There are two primary choices in life: to accept conditions as they exist or accept responsibility for changing them.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	There are two ways of spreading light: to be the candle or the mirror that reflects it.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	There are two ways to slide easily through life: to believe everything or to doubt everything; both ways save us from thinking.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	There is a difference between happiness and wisdom: he that thinks himself the happiest man is really so; but he that thinks himself the wisest is generally the greatest fool.
quotable	love	aphorism	general	0	There is a magnet in your heart that will attract true friends. That magnet is unselfishness, thinking of others first; when you learn to live for others, they will live for you.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	There is a wisdom of the head, and a wisdom of the heart.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	There is more wisdom in your body than in your deepest philosophy.
quotable	work-money	wisdom	general	0	There is never enough time to do everything, but there is always enough time to do the most important thing.
quotable	love	wisdom	general	0	There is no charm equal to tenderness of heart.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	There is no duty we so underrate as the duty of being happy. By being happy we sow anonymous benefits upon the world.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	There is no expedient to which a man will not go to avoid the labor of thinking.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	There is no failure except in no longer trying.
quotable	faith	wisdom	general	0	There is no fear for one whose mind is not filled with desires.
quotable	family	aphorism	general	0	There is no friendship, no love, like that of the parent for the child.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	There is no great genius without some touch of madness.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	There is no greater harm than that of time wasted.
quotable	faith	wisdom	general	0	There is no need for temples, no need for complicated philosophies. My brain and my heart are my temples; my philosophy is kindness.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	There is no passion to be found playing small - in settling for a life that is less than the one you are capable of living.
quotable	arts	wisdom	general	0	There is no retirement for an artist, it's your way of living so there is no end to it.
quotable	work-money	uplifting	general	0	There is no scarcity of opportunity to make a living at what you love; there's only scarcity of resolve to make it happen.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	There is no way to happiness, happiness is the way.
quotable	work-money	quip	general	0	There is no way to prosperity, prosperity is the way.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	There is not one big cosmic meaning for all, there is only the meaning we each give to our life.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	There is nothing happens to any person but what was in his power to go through with.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	There is nothing impossible to him who will try.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	There is nothing in a caterpillar that tells you it's going to be a butterfly.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	There is nothing like returning to a place that remains unchanged to find the ways in which you yourself have altered.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	There is nothing on this earth more to be prized than true friendship.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	There is nothing permanent except change.
quotable	work-money	wisdom	general	0	There is nothing so useless as doing efficiently that which should not be done at all.
quotable	work-money	wisdom	general	0	There is only one boss. The customer. And he can fire everybody in the company from the chairman on down, simply by spending his money somewhere else.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	There is only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that's your own self.
quotable	love	aphorism	general	0	There is only one happiness in life, to love and be loved.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	There is only one success: to be able to spend your life in your own way.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	There is only one way to happiness and that is to cease worrying about things which are beyond the power of our will.
quotable	life	observation	general	0	There is some self-interest behind every friendship. There is no friendship without self-interests. This is a bitter truth.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	There never was a good knife made of bad steel.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	There surely is in human nature an inherent propensity to extract all the good out of all the evil.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	There's power in looking silly and not caring that you do.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	These days people seek knowledge, not wisdom. Knowledge is of the past; wisdom is of the future.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	They blame those who remain silent, they blame those who speak much, they blame those who speak in moderation. There is none in the world who is not blamed.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	They can conquer who believe they can.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	They can do all because they think they can.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	They must often change, who would be constant in happiness or wisdom.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	They say that time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Things are as they are. Looking out into it the universe at night, we make no comparisons between right and wrong stars, nor between well and badly arranged constellations.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Things do not change; we change.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Things do not happen. Things are made to happen.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Things that were hard to bear are sweet to remember.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Things turn out best for those who make the best of the way things turn out.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Think as a wise man but communicate in the language of the people.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Think big thoughts but relish small pleasures.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Think for yourselves and let others enjoy the privilege to do so too.
quotable	science	quip	general	0	Think how hard physics would be if particles could think.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Think in the morning. Act in the noon. Eat in the evening. Sleep in the night.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Think like a man of action; act like a man of thought.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	This is the final test of a gentleman: his respect for those who can be of no possible value to him.
quotable	tech	wisdom	general	0	This is the whole point of technology. It creates an appetite for immortality on the one hand. It threatens universal extinction on the other. Technology is lust removed from nature.
quotable	tech	wisdom	general	0	This is why I loved technology: if you used it right, it could give you power and privacy.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	This world, after all our science and sciences, is still a miracle; wonderful, inscrutable, magical and more, to whosoever will think of it.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Those that know, do. Those that understand, teach.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Those who are blessed with the most talent don't necessarily outperform everyone else. It's the people with follow-through who excel.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Those who are free of resentful thoughts surely find peace.
quotable	society	aphorism	general	0	Those who cannot learn from history are doomed to repeat it.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Those who cling to perceptions and views wander the world offending people.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Those who dare to fail miserably can achieve greatly.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Those who dream by day are cognizant of many things which escape those who dream only by night.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Those who will play with cats must expect to be scratched.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Thought is the blossom; language the bud; action the fruit behind it.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Three things cannot be long hidden: the sun, the moon, and the truth.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Three things in human life are important. The first is to be kind. The second is to be kind. The third is to be kind.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Through meditation and by giving full attention to one thing at a time, we can learn to direct attention where we choose.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Through perseverance many people win success out of what seemed destined to be certain failure.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Through pride we are ever deceiving ourselves. But deep down below the surface of the average conscience a still, small voice says to us, something is out of tune.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Time changes everything except something within us which is always surprised by change.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Time is the most valuable thing a man can spend.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Time is the wisest counsellor of all.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Time stays long enough for anyone who will use it.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Time you enjoy wasting, was not wasted.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Time you enjoyed wasting was not wasted.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	To accomplish great things, we must dream as well as act.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream; not only plan, but also believe.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	To acquire knowledge, one must study; but to acquire wisdom, one must observe.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	To avoid criticism, do nothing, say nothing, be nothing.
quotable	work-money	wisdom	general	0	To be able to give away riches is mandatory if you wish to possess them. This is the only way that you will be truly rich.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	To be aware of a single shortcoming in oneself is more useful than to be aware of a thousand in someone else.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	To be beautiful means to be yourself. You don't need to be accepted by others. You need to accept yourself.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	To be fully alive, fully human, and completely awake is to be continually thrown out of the nest.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	To be great is to be misunderstood.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	To be happy is to be able to become aware of oneself without fright.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	To be tested is good. The challenged life may be the best therapist.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	To be what we are, and to become what we are capable of becoming, is the only end of life.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	To be wrong is nothing unless you continue to remember it.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	To be wronged is nothing unless you continue to remember it.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	To bring anything into your life, imagine that it's already there.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	To change one's life, start immediately, do it flamboyantly, no exceptions.
quotable	faith	wisdom	general	0	To choose what is difficult all one's days, as if it were easy, that is faith.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	To climb steep hills requires a slow pace at first.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	To command is to serve, nothing more and nothing less.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	To conquer fear is the beginning of wisdom.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	To dare is to lose ones footing momentarily. To not dare is to lose oneself.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	To do all that one is able to do, is to be a man; to do all that one would like to do, is to be a god.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	To effectively communicate, we must realize that we are all different in the way we perceive the world and use this understanding as a guide to our communication with others.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	To enjoy life, we must touch much of it lightly.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	To exist is to change, to change is to mature, to mature is to go on creating oneself endlessly.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	To find a man's true character, play golf with him.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	To fly as fast as thought, you must begin by knowing that you have already arrived.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	To fly, we have to have resistance.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	To follow, without halt, one aim: There is the secret of success.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	To free us from the expectations of others, to give us back to ourselves... there lies the great, singular power of self-respect.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	To get the full value of joy you must have someone to divide it with.
quotable	faith	wisdom	general	0	To give oneself earnestly to the duties due to men, and, while respecting spiritual beings, to keep aloof from them, may be called wisdom.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	To go against the dominant thinking of your friends, of most of the people you see every day, is perhaps the most difficult act of heroism you can perform.
quotable	faith	wisdom	general	0	To have faith is to trust yourself to the water. When you swim you don't grab hold of the water, because if you do you will sink and drown. Instead you relax, and float.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	To have much learning and skill, to be well-trained in discipline, and good in speech - this is the highest blessing.
quotable	work-money	quip	general	0	To hell with circumstances, I create opportunities.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	To improve is to change; to be perfect is to change often.
quotable	arts	wisdom	general	0	To invent, you need a good imagination and a pile of junk.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	To keep your secret is wisdom; but to expect others to keep it is folly.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	To know oneself is to study oneself in action with another person.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	To lead people walk behind them.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	To listen well is as powerful a means of communication and influence as to talk well.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	To make no mistakes is not in the power of man; but from their errors and mistakes the wise and good learn wisdom for the future.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	To me, it doesn't matter how good you are. Sport is all about playing and competing. Whatever you do in cricket and in sport, enjoy it, be positive and try to win.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	To profit from good advice requires more wisdom than to give it.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	To see things in the seed, that is genius.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	To study and not think is a waste. To think and not study is dangerous.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	To succeed, we must first believe that we can.
quotable	family	wisdom	general	0	To support mother and father, to cherish partner and children, and to be engaged in peaceful occupation - this is the greatest blessing.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	To understand the heart and mind of a person, look not at what he has already achieved, but at what he aspires to do.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	To want to be what one can be is purpose in life.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	To wear your heart on your sleeve isn't a very good plan; you should wear it inside, where it functions best.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Today you are you! That is truer than true! There is no one alive who is you-er than you!
quotable	arts	wisdom	general	0	Tragedy is a tool for the living to gain wisdom, not a guide by which to live.
quotable	nature	wisdom	general	0	Train up a fig tree in the way it should go, and when you are old sit under the shade of it.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Treat people as if they were what they ought to be, and you help them to become what they are capable of being.
quotable	work-money	aphorism	general	0	Trouble is only opportunity in work clothes.
quotable	life	quip	general	0	True friends stab you in the front.
quotable	love	wisdom	general	0	True friendship can afford true knowledge. It does not depend on darkness and ignorance.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	True friendship is a plant of slow growth, and must undergo and withstand the shocks of adversity, before it is entitled to the appellation.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	True friendship is like sound health; the value of it is seldom known until it is lost.
quotable	love	wisdom	general	0	True friendship multiplies the good in life and divides its evils. Strive to have friends, for life without friends is like life on a desert island... to find one real friend in a lifetime is good fortune; to keep him is a blessing.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	True friendship ought never to conceal what it thinks.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	True happiness arises, in the first place, from the enjoyment of oneself, and in the next, from the friendship and conversation of a few select companions.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	True happiness means forging a strong spirit that is undefeated, no matter how trying our circumstances.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	True knowledge exists in knowing that you know nothing.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	True silence is the rest of the mind; it is to the spirit what sleep is to the body, nourishment and refreshment.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	True wisdom comes to each of us when we realize how little we understand about life, ourselves, and the world around us.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	True wisdom is less presuming than folly. The wise man doubteth often, and changeth his mind; the fool is obstinate, and doubteth not; he knoweth all things but his own ignorance.
quotable	work-money	aphorism	general	0	Trust is the lubrication that makes it possible for organizations to work.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Trust only movement. Life happens at the level of events, not of words. Trust movement.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Trust your hunches. They're usually based on facts filed away just below the conscious level.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Trust your own instinct. Your mistakes might as well be your own, instead of someone else's.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Trust yourself. You know more than you think you do.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Truth is generally the best vindication against slander.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Truth is powerful and it prevails.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Truth, and goodness, and beauty are but different faces of the same all.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Try not to become a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Trying to define yourself is like trying to bite your own teeth.
quotable	life	quip	general	0	Trying to sneak a fastball past Hank Aaron is like trying to sneak the sunrise past a rooster.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Two of man's basic needs are to love and to share. Both of these needs are satisfied in greater or lesser degree by friendship.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Two persons cannot long be friends if they cannot forgive each other's little failings.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Unless one is able to live fully in the present, the future is a hoax.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Until you make peace with who you are, you will never be content with what you have.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Until you make peace with who you are, you'll never be content with what you have.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Until you value yourself, you won't value your time. Until you value your time, you won't do anything with it.
quotable	nature	wisdom	general	0	Use what talents you possess; the woods would be very silent if no birds sang there except those that sang best.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Using the power of decision gives you the capacity to get past any excuse to change any and every part of your life in an instant.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Value your friendship. Value your relationships.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Vanity can easily overtake wisdom. It usually overtakes common sense.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Very little is needed to make a happy life; it is all within yourself, in your way of thinking.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Victory belongs to the most persevering.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Walking with a friend in the dark is better than walking alone in the light.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Waste no more time arguing about what a good man should be. Be one.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Watch the little things; a small leak will sink a great ship.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	We aim above the mark to hit the mark.
quotable	family	wisdom	general	0	We all grow up. Hopefully, we get wiser. Age brings wisdom, and fatherhood changes one's life completely.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	We all live with the objective of being happy; our lives are all different and yet the same.
quotable	faith	uplifting	general	0	We are Divine enough to ask and we are important enough to receive.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	We are all faced with a series of great opportunities brilliantly disguised as impossible situations.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	We are all inclined to judge ourselves by our ideals; others, by their acts.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	We are all something, but none of us are everything.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	We are either progressing or retrograding all the while. There is no such thing as remaining stationary in this life.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	We are made wise not by the recollection of our past, but by the responsibility for our future.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	We are masters of the unsaid words, but slaves of those we let slip out.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	We are not animals. We are not a product of what has happened to us in our past. We have the power of choice.
quotable	tech	observation	general	0	We are stuck with technology when what we really want is just stuff that works.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	We are what our thoughts have made us; so take care about what you think. Words are secondary. Thoughts live; they travel far.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	We are wiser than we know.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	We can change our lives. We can do, have, and be exactly what we wish.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	We can do no great things, only small things with great love.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	We can only be said to be alive in those moments when our hearts are conscious of our treasures.
quotable	love	wisdom	general	0	We can only learn to love by loving.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	We cannot be more sensitive to pleasure without being more sensitive to pain.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	We cannot do everything at once, but we can do something at once.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	We choose our joys and sorrows long before we experience them.
quotable	love	wisdom	general	0	We come to love not by finding a perfect person, but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	We could never learn to be brave and patient if there were only joy in the world.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	We do not quit playing because we grow old, we grow old because we quit playing.
quotable	science	quip	general	0	We don't know a millionth of one percent about anything.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	We don't receive wisdom; we must discover it for ourselves after a journey that no one can take for us or spare us.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	We don't stop playing because we grow old; we grow old because we stop playing.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	We gain the strength of the temptation we resist.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	We have committed the Golden Rule to memory; let us now commit it to life.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	We have two ears and one mouth so that we can listen twice as much as we speak.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	We know the truth, not only by the reason, but by the heart.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	We know what we are but know not what we may be.
quotable	society	wisdom	general	0	We live in a society bloated with data yet starved for wisdom. We're connected 24/7, yet anxiety, fear, depression and loneliness are at an all-time high. We must course-correct.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	We lost because we told ourselves we lost.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	We love life, not because we are used to living but because we are used to loving.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	We make our own fortunes and we call them fate.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	We may encounter many defeats, but we must not be defeated.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	We must be as courteous to a man as we are to a picture, which we are willing to give the advantage of a good light.
quotable	society	wisdom	general	0	We must become the change we want to see.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	We must embrace pain and burn it as fuel for our journey.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	We must learn our limits. We are all something, but none of us are everything.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	We must never forget that it is through our actions, words, and thoughts that we have a choice.
quotable	society	wisdom	general	0	We must not allow ourselves to become like the system we oppose.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	We must not say every mistake is a foolish one.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	We must overcome the notion that we must be regular. It robs you of the chance to be extraordinary and leads you to the mediocre.
quotable	society	wisdom	general	0	We must reach out our hand in friendship and dignity both to those who would befriend us and those who would be our enemy.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	We need never be ashamed of our tears.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	We need to find the courage to say NO to the things and people that are not serving us if we want to rediscover ourselves and live our lives with authenticity.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	We never live; we are always in the expectation of living.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	We never understand how little we need in this world until we know the loss of it.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	We read the world wrong and say that it deceives us.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	We respect our elders. There is wisdom that comes from experience, and I am not going to stop learning from wise counsel.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	We shall never know all the good that a simple smile can do.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	We should all be thankful for those people who rekindle the inner spirit.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	We should not give up and we should not allow the problem to defeat us.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	We should not judge people by their peak of excellence; but by the distance they have traveled from the point where they started.
quotable	society	aphorism	general	0	We the people are the rightful masters of both Congress and the courts, not to overthrow the Constitution but to overthrow the men who pervert the Constitution.
quotable	faith	wisdom	general	0	We will develop and cultivate the liberation of mind by lovingkindness, make it our vehicle, make it our basis, stabilize it, exercise ourselves in it, and fully perfect it.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	We're born alone, we live alone, we die alone. Only through our love and friendship can we create the illusion for the moment that we're not alone.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	We've got to have a dream if we are going to make a dream come true.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Well begun is half done.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Well done is better than well said.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Were here for a reason. I believe a bit of the reason is to throw little torches out to lead people through the dark.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	What do we live for, if it is not to make life less difficult for each other?
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	What happens is not as important as how you react to what happens.
quotable	nature	quip	general	0	What is a weed? A plant whose virtues have not yet been discovered.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	What is necessary to change a person is to change his awareness of himself.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	What is new in the world? Nothing. What is old in the world? Nothing. Everything has always been and will always be.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	What is not started today is never finished tomorrow.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	What is past is left behind. The future is yet unreached. Whatever quality is present, clearly see it right there.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	What lies behind us and what lies before us are small matters compared to what lies within us.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	What makes Superman a hero is not that he has power, but that he has the wisdom and the maturity to use the power wisely. From an acting point of view, that's how I approached the part.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	What matters is the value we've created in our lives, the people we've made happy and how much we've grown as people.
quotable	arts	observation	general	0	What other people may find in poetry or art museums, I find in the flight of a good drive.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	What sweetness is left in life, if you take away friendship? Robbing life of friendship is like robbing the world of the sun. A true friend is more to be esteemed than kinsfolk.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	What the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the master calls a butterfly.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	What we see depends mainly on what we look for.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	What we think determines what happens to us, so if we want to change our lives, we need to stretch our minds.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	What wisdom can you find that is greater than kindness?
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	What worries you masters you.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	What you do not want done to yourself, do not do to others.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	What you do today can improve all your tomorrows.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Whatever happens, take responsibility.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Whatever has the nature of arising has the nature of ceasing.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Whatever is not yours: let go of it. Your letting go of it will be for your long-term happiness & benefit.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Whatever we expect with confidence becomes our own self-fulfilling prophecy.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Whatever you do in life, surround yourself with smart people who'll argue with you.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	When I dare to be powerful, to use my strength in the service of my vision, then it becomes less and less important whether I am afraid.
quotable	faith	wisdom	general	0	When I do good I feel good, when I do bad I feel bad, and that's my religion.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be.
quotable	health-body	dark	general	0	When I was 40, my doctor advised me that a man in his 40s shouldn't play tennis. I heeded his advice carefully and could hardly wait until I reached 50 to start again.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	When a friend is in trouble, don't annoy him by asking if there is anything you can do. Think up something appropriate and do it.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	When a thing is done, it's done. Don't look back. Look forward to your next objective.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	When an opponent comes forward, move in and greet him; if he wants to pull back, send him on his way.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	When deeds and words are in accord, the whole world is transformed.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	When fate hands us a lemon, let's try to make lemonade.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	When in doubt, don't.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	When in doubt, tell the truth.
quotable	work-money	wisdom	general	0	When it is obvious that the goals cannot be reached, don't adjust the goals, adjust the action steps.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us.
quotable	nature	wisdom	general	0	When one tugs at a single thing in nature, he finds it attached to the rest of the world.
quotable	life	observation	general	0	When people are like each other they tend to like each other.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	When something is important enough, you do it even if the odds are not in your favor.
quotable	faith	aphorism	general	0	When the solution is simple, God is answering.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	When the world is so complicated, the simple gift of friendship is within all of our hands.
quotable	work-money	aphorism	general	0	When times are bad is when the real entrepreneurs emerge.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	When watching after yourself, you watch after others. When watching after others, you watch after yourself.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	When we are no longer able to change a situation - we are challenged to change ourselves.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	When we feel love and kindness toward others, it not only makes others feel loved and cared for, but it helps us also to develop inner happiness and peace.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	When we quit thinking primarily about ourselves and our own self-preservation, we undergo a truly heroic transformation of consciousness.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	When we seek to discover the best in others, we somehow bring out the best in ourselves.
quotable	life	fact	general	0	When written in Chinese, the word 'crisis' is composed of two characters. One represents danger and the other represents opportunity.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	When you are content to be simply yourself and don't compare or compete, everybody will respect you.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	When you are offended at any man's fault, turn to yourself and study your own failings. Then you will forget your anger.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	When you begin to touch your heart or let your heart be touched, you begin to discover that it's bottomless.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	When you come to the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang on.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	When you dance, your purpose is not to get to a certain place on the floor. It's to enjoy each step along the way.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	When you discover your mission, you will feel its demand. It will fill you with enthusiasm and a burning desire to get to work on it.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	When you doubt your power, you give power to your doubt.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	When you have got an elephant by the hind legs and he is trying to run away, it's best to let him run.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	When you judge another, you do not define them, you define yourself.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	When you learn, teach. When you get, give.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	When you meet someone better than yourself, turn your thoughts to becoming his equal. When you meet someone not as good as you are, look within and examine your own self.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	When you reach the end of your rope, tie a knot in it and hang on.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	When you realize there is nothing lacking, the whole world belongs to you.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	When you see a good person, think of becoming like him. When you see someone not so good, reflect on your own weak points.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	When you see a man of worth, think of how you may emulate him. When you see one who is unworthy, examine yourself.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	When your desires are strong enough you will appear to possess superhuman powers to achieve.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Whenever something negative happens to you, there is a deep lesson concealed within it.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Whenever you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth.
quotable	society	wisdom	general	0	Where all think alike, no one thinks very much.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Where is the Life we have lost in living? Where is the wisdom we have lost in knowledge? Where is the knowledge we have lost in information?
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Where there is a will, there is a way. If there is a chance in a million that you can do something, anything, to keep what you want from ending, do it. Pry the door open or, if need be, wedge your foot in that door and keep it open.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Where there is charity and wisdom, there is neither fear nor ignorance.
quotable	love	wisdom	general	0	Where there is great love, there are always miracles.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Where there is love there is life.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Wherever a man may happen to turn, whatever a man may undertake, he will always end up by returning to the path which nature has marked out for him.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Wherever a man turns he can find someone who needs him.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Wherever you go, go with all your heart.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Whether you think you can or you think you can't, you are right.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	While we stop to think, we often miss our opportunity.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Who looks outside, dreams, who looks inside, awakes.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Who sows virtue reaps honor.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Whoever doesn't flare up at someone who's angry wins a battle hard to win.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Whoever is happy will make others happy, too.
quotable	love	wisdom	general	0	Whoso loves, believes the impossible.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Winners never quit and quitters never win.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Wisdom alone is the science of other sciences.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Wisdom and penetration are the fruit of experience, not the lessons of retirement and leisure. Great necessities call out great virtues.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Wisdom begins at the end.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Wisdom begins in wonder.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Wisdom cannot come by railroad or automobile or airplane or be hurried up by telegraph or telephone.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Wisdom ceases to be wisdom when it becomes too proud to weep, too grave to laugh, and too selfish to seek other than itself.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Wisdom comes alone through suffering.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Wisdom consists of the anticipation of consequences.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Wisdom has its root in goodness, not goodness its root in wisdom.
quotable	society	aphorism	general	0	Wisdom has never made a bigot, but learning has.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Wisdom is a kind of knowledge. It is knowledge of the nature, career, and consequences of human values.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Wisdom is always an overmatch for strength.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Wisdom is found only in truth.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Wisdom is nothing but a preparation of the soul, a capacity, a secret art of thinking, feeling and breathing thoughts of unity at every moment of life.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Wisdom is oftentimes nearer when we stoop than when we soar.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Wisdom is the power to put our time and our knowledge to the proper use.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Wisdom is the reward you get for a lifetime of listening when you'd have preferred to talk.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Wisdom is the right use of knowledge. To know is not to be wise. Many men know a great deal and are all the greater fools for it. There is no fool so great a fool as a knowing fool. But to know how to use knowledge is to have wisdom.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Wisdom is the supreme part of happiness.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Wisdom often times consists of knowing what to do next.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Wisdom, compassion, and courage are the three universally recognized moral qualities of men.
quotable	society	wisdom	general	0	Wise kings generally have wise counselors; and he must be a wise man himself who is capable of distinguishing one.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Wise men make more opportunities than they find.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Wise men speak because they have something to say; Fools because they have to say something.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Wise men talk because they have something to say; fools, because they have to say something.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Wishing to be friends is quick work, but friendship is a slow ripening fruit.
quotable	life	quip	general	0	With age comes wisdom and a high sex drive. And the wisdom to enjoy it.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	With every experience, you alone are painting your own canvas, thought by thought, choice by choice.
quotable	faith	wisdom	general	0	With pride, there are many curses. With humility, there come many blessings.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	With the realization of one's own potential and self-confidence in one's ability, one can build a better world.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Without courage, wisdom bears no fruit.
quotable	society	wisdom	general	0	Without freedom of thought, there can be no such thing as wisdom - and no such thing as public liberty without freedom of speech.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Without hard work, nothing grows but weeds.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Without leaps of imagination, or dreaming, we lose the excitement of possibilities. Dreaming, after all, is a form of planning.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Without passion man is a mere latent force and possibility, like the flint which awaits the shock of the iron before it can give forth its spark.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Without some goals and some efforts to reach it, no man can live.
quotable	arts	wisdom	general	0	Without this playing with fantasy no creative work has ever yet come to birth. The debt we owe to the play of the imagination is incalculable.
quotable	work-money	wisdom	general	0	Work for something because it is good, not just because it stands a chance to succeed.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Work like you don't need the money. Love like you've never been hurt. Dance like nobody's watching.
quotable	work-money	wisdom	general	0	Work while you have the light. You are responsible for the talent that has been entrusted to you.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Wrinkles should merely indicate where smiles have been.
quotable	faith	aphorism	general	0	Write your plans in pencil and give God the eraser.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Yeah, we all shine on, like the moon, and the stars, and the sun.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Yesterday I dared to struggle. Today I dare to win.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, today is God's gift, that's why we call it the present.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Yesterday is history. Tomorrow is a mystery. And today? Today is a gift. That is why we call it the present.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	Yesterday's home runs don't win today's games.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	You always have two choices: your commitment versus your fear.
quotable	life	quip	general	0	You always succeed in producing a result.
quotable	science	wisdom	general	0	You and I are all as much continuous with the physical universe as a wave is continuous with the ocean.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	You are a product of your environment. So choose the environment that will best develop you toward your objective. Analyze your life in terms of its environment. Are the things around you helping you toward success - or are they holding you back?
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	You are always free to change your mind and choose a different future, or a different past.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	You are important enough to ask and you are blessed enough to receive back.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	You are never given a wish without also being given the power to make it come true. You may have to work for it, however.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	You are not here merely to make a living. You are here in order to enable the world to live more amply, with greater vision, with a finer spirit of hope and achievement. You are here to enrich the world, and you impoverish yourself if you forget the errand.
quotable	science	wisdom	general	0	You are that vast thing that you see far, far off with great telescopes.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	You are the only person on earth who can use your ability.
quotable	society	quip	general	0	You can always count on Americans to do the right thing - after they've tried everything else.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	You can always tell a real friend: when you've made a fool of yourself he doesn't feel you've done a permanent job.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	You can do it if you believe you can!
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	You can fool all the people some of the time, and some of the people all the time, but you cannot fool all the people all the time.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	You can observe a lot just by watching.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	You can only grow if you're willing to feel awkward and uncomfortable when you try something new.
quotable	faith	wisdom	general	0	You can only learn so much from books. You can only learn so much from education. Ultimately, it is the wisdom of God that will carry you through in the toughest situations of life.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	You can stand tall without standing on someone. You can be a victor without having victims.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	You can tell whether a man is clever by his answers. You can tell whether a man is wise by his questions.
quotable	love	pun	general	0	You can't blame gravity for falling in love.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	You can't choose up sides on a round world.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	You can't cross the sea merely by standing and staring at the water.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	You can't let praise or criticism get to you. It's a weakness to get caught up in either one.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	You can't put a limit on anything. The more you dream, the farther you get.
quotable	society	aphorism	general	0	You can't shake hands with a clenched fist.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	You can't stop the waves, but you can learn to surf.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	You can't win unless you learn how to lose.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	You cannot be lonely if you like the person you're alone with.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	You cannot change anything in your life with intention alone, which can become a watered-down, occasional hope that you'll get to tomorrow. Intention without action is useless.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	You cannot escape the responsibility of tomorrow by evading it today.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	You cannot find yourself by going into the past. You can find yourself by coming into the present.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	You cannot have what you do not want.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	You cannot step twice into the same river, for other waters are continually flowing in.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	You do not become good by trying to be good, but by finding the goodness that is already within you.
quotable	family	wisdom	general	0	You don't choose your family. They are God's gift to you, as you are to them.
quotable	faith	wisdom	general	0	You don't look out there for God, something in the sky, you look in you.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	You don't play against opponents, you play against the game of basketball.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	You give before you get.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	You got to be careful if you don't know where you're going, because you might not get there.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	You have to believe in yourself.
quotable	family	wisdom	general	0	You have to do your own growing no matter how tall your grandfather was.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	You just can't beat the person who never gives up.
quotable	love	wisdom	general	0	You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.
quotable	love	wisdom	general	0	You learn to speak by speaking, to study by studying, to run by running, to work by working; in just the same way, you learn to love by loving.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	You may say I'm a dreamer, but I'm not the only one, I hope someday you will join us, and the world will live as one.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	You might well remember that nothing can bring you success but yourself.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	You must do the things you think you cannot do.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	You must welcome change as the rule but not as your ruler.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	You need chaos in your soul to give birth to a dancing star.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	You really can change the world if you care enough.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	You should ignore that person's impure behavior by way of speech and body, and focus on the fact that they get an openness and clarity of heart from time to time. That's how to get rid of resentment for that person.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	You spend a good piece of your life gripping a baseball and in the end it turns out that it was the other way around all the time.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	You were not born a winner, and you were not born a loser. You are what you make yourself be.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	You will never be happy if you continue to search for what happiness consists of. You will never live if you are looking for the meaning of life.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	You win the victory when you yield to friends.
quotable	life	aphorism	general	0	You won't skid if you stay in a rut.
quotable	faith	wisdom	general	0	You yourself must strive. The Buddhas only point the way.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	You'll see it when you believe it.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	You're never a loser until you quit trying.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	You're not obligated to win. You're obligated to keep trying to do the best you can every day.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	You've got to go out on a limb sometimes because that's where the fruit is.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Your attitude, not your aptitude, will determine your altitude.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Your big opportunity may be right where you are now.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Your friend is your needs answered.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Your friends will know you better in the first minute you meet than your acquaintances will know you in a thousand years.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Your mind will answer most questions if you learn to relax and wait for the answer.
quotable	faith	wisdom	general	0	Your sacred space is where you can find yourself again and again.
quotable	faith	uplifting	general	0	Your talent is God's gift to you. What you do with it is your gift back to God.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Your vision will become clear only when you can look into your own heart. Who looks outside, dreams, who looks inside, awakes.
quotable	life	uplifting	general	0	Your vision will become clear only when you look into your heart. Who looks outside, dreams. Who looks inside, awakens.
quotable	life	wisdom	general	0	Your worst enemy cannot harm you as much as your own unguarded thoughts.
